Circular lights in sky went out.
4 Red lights seen by many.
Triangle UFO followed by other orbs.
Red Light seen in northern Wyoming.
Object approximately 200 feet in the.
Triangular shaped object with no lights.
Faint, fast moving triangular shaped object.
Teardrop shaped lights over Oshawa Airport.
I want to see a UFO.
The first time we have see.
Green Light in the Western sky.
Large diamond shaped craft flying formation.
Shiny Silver object in Littleton, CO.
Six objects seen by four people.
String of 5 red glowing orbs.
Satellites in the sky very swiftly.
It was moving in same direction.
Riding down the road to observe.
When I tried to take pi.
Night sky lights up the woods.
we were at a constant speed.
Flash of light in Northwestern sky.
White light becomes two bright lights.
Three bright lights in my photos.
Extremely strange ships in the sky.
Mutiple strange lights over lake Okeechobee.
also bright red light just hovering.
Colored lights arranged in a trinangle.
It was bright and changed shape.
Had a red and green lights.
Bright orange lights over West Virginia.
Saw two craft in the middle.
Spherical UFO seen in St. Louis.
It was sitting still and silent.
Three lighted objects flying over Cheyenne.
Circular object flying at altitude of 4000+'.
Arrow shaped UFO spotted in Eastern Oregon.
R.I. sphere shaped object with blinking lights.
Red &amp; white lights across the sky.
Ufo was white with a greenish tint.
Large object with flashing red, white, green.
When I was in a car, approximately.
10/10/1998 Bright white light emitting from it.
Triangle w/ 3 lights on the craft.
A brilliant white light moving horizontally and vertically.
Two extreme bright lights in a strange pattern.
As I was sitting on the tree tops.
We live on a lake in Grayling, Michigan.
Row of bright lights that were not flashing.
Low-flying, shape-changing aircraft seen in the French sky.
Brightest, most brilliant lights and a hovering craft.
Disk shaped object emitting no sound at all.
It was hovering silently over the Pecos River.
Boomerang shaped craft sighting followed by a hellicopter.
If indeed it was hovering and moving around.
5 red spheres moving in formation before disappearing.
On the top of the trees, then disappeared.
A round flying object seen over downtown Atlanta.
Was looking at the early morning on 10/12/12.
I saw a bright red round zigzagging light.
Silent, disc shaped object hovered in evenig sky.
Cirle of light in front of Freedom Tower.
A bright glowing blue light in the sky.
Disk or saucer shaped craft in the middle.
Strange dark shaped object hovering and then disappear.
String of star-like lights in the night sky.
Red lights moving in formation in night sky.
Lights formed a triangle shape with five lig.
Bright green light over the ocean then disappearing.
Looked like a meteor falling in NW sky.
Orange oval bright light was white in colour.
A very big white light in SW sky.
A flying white and red and zipping around.
Circular disk with blinking lights over everett wa.
We saw it out of a cloud formation.
3 orange spheres moving west to east, fast.
8/14/11.in firebaugh three bright lights over Lake Michigan.
Possible explanation for sighting in Lake Wales, FL.
Colored round balls of fire in the sky.
15 ft. above the lake and let's ju.
2 balls of white light on each end.
40,000`, flying from northeast to east in ETexas.
The bigger bright light moving across the sky.
Very large, shiny object hovering over Shea Stadium.
A fire ball that I thought something b.
Large red circular object over lake grapevine tx.
2 orange fireballs moving slowly overhead then disappearing.
Bright fixed orange light in the southeastern sky.
After a few minutes and then eventually disappeared.
Saw odd shaped object flying very slow,whooshing sound.
A stationary bright white light speeding across sky.
Ball of fire moving fast across the sky.
Disappeared and then came back to the left.
Slow moving lights in sky over Ct River.
I saw triangular craft hovering in a trianglular formation.
Texas 1967, Triangle of lights traveling fast and low.
Black triangular craft flying low over house in NY.
It appe. bright star-like object in the Hawaiian sky.
Small fireball shaped object moving from North to South.
8:15 PM sitting at a light that suddenly darted.
Green light seen in same area of the sky.
Starlike light in the night sky at alarming rate.
My friend and i were returning from Christmas shopping.
Cane shaped UFO seen directly over head and vanished.
Big bright star moving very fast, no plausible explanation.
Very large white, green and white in the middle.
Well camoflaged, it appeared as a shooting star. light.
I noticed a red light that eventually descended slowly.
Twin vertical, bluish light that moved fast and smooth.
Very bright object in the sky below a rainbow.
A. Object was also seen by my own eyes.
1 fireball going east to west over south centra.
Red, white, green lights flying from east to north.
Super fast red blinking light in the pre-dawn sky.
Yellow/orange orb shoots across sky and then just disappeared.
Triangular shaped object seen in sky south of Denver.
Flashes of light around the edge of the woods.
I observed a large triangle formation hovering above horizon.
Slighty Illuminated in a dark night in the sky.
Hugh rectangular object hovered over the horizon within seconds.
8-10 fireballs floating through the sky above campbellsville university.
Bright light over house and stopped over my head.
Bright star like light at first but definitely not.
Crash down of a red ball and then vanished.
Light there going across sky heading towards Redington beach.
Red and white lights in a tight triangular formation.
Started as a fireball with no sound at all.
Unknown bright star-like light moving from northwest to southeast.
Very bright, could not see it at that distance.
Two very bright lights perfectly spaced apart from one another.
Bright light orange tint hovered for 45 mins then disappeared.
While working security I seen a real alien up close.
Yellow fast moving object, traveling from the east towards me.
Reddish orange and yellow objects moving slowly over Laguna Niguel.
Three bright orange lights, moving up and down, repeat sighting.
Very bright light increased in size and brightness, and disappearing.
Bright Yellow/Pale Orange Light in the sky at low level.
6-8 lights were seen in formation, and creating no noise.
Large disc shaped UFO and it was a fling saucer.
Strange object seen moving through the sky like an insect.
Two yellow lights moving fast and low with no sound.
It hovered high above the horizon in Boca Raton FL.
A bright circular craft with white lights in chevron shape.
I immediately thought of it as quickly as they appeared.
Photo of UFO in sky, moving in exact uniform formation.
It was only visible with the sun reflecting off it.
Green streaking light at low altitude and decending west to.
Large yellow/orange circular object moving vertical and horizontal movement is.
Orange glowing oval shoots rapidly and silently North to South.
Large Teardrop Shaped craft and two bright objects in sky.
I was walking my dog at night on course pond.
Two witnesses see lights and a very LOUD mysterous noise.
A smaller blue light moved away and slowly faded out.
The object traveled at rapid speed in several directions disappereared/reappeared.
The object moved west to east at a low elevation.
Silver, Triangular Craft with bright red blue and green lights.
Three strange lights dancing in the sky during the day.
Bright light hovering over the horizon and a small child.
Unexplained light in the night sky, Lasted about 2 mins.
Orange like fireball moving across sky without lights or sound.
Half moon shape craft sighted moving slowly above my neighborhood.
Star-like Light in the Night Sky over Tigard, Oregon 12/22/12.
6+ beige colored objects, flying in exact opposite flight paths.
Four bright lights in the sky and unaware of th.
Slow moving black egg shaped object headed towards the sky.
Sharp turns and zig zags across sky at warp speed.
It looked exactly like a star coming down from stars.
Flash of light than a little red and white lights.
Bright slow light in the flight path of well-lit helicopter.
Chevron, translucent, with 3 or 4 lights going in sequence.
Two bright orange objects coming from the sky. very bright.
A large, green ball of light hovering over freeway overpass.
Bright orange lines that turned into a bluish white li.
Flying disk shape object flying low over Pembroke to Boston.
It looked exactly like the sighting in Carlyss, La. appr.
Red triangle shaped object with colored lights over johnstown pa.
Driving In Car when it appeared to be on fire.
The object went from 1 side of the locale air.
Convoy of crafts came from the direction of the sun.
A stationary red light stationary in sky for five hours.
Flying very low and it had an embro inside it.
The object flosted across the sky, it was early afternoon.
It was the vapor trail to where it was before.
Hovering and then moving slowly in broad daylight over city.
I observed a green glowing ball seen over Simi Valley,Ca.
Fireball over canal, changed directions and went back to bed.
Round metalic object over Los Angeles in the mid 80's.
Triangle shaped objecting flying away from a nike -zeus instillation.
Two siblings witness a large blue-green obj. streak to NW.
Fast traveling bright light that looked like a jetliner crashing.
Big and huge and very silent and moving very slow.
Rapid moving white light ball moving upwards into the atmosphere.
First one then another appeared and another the same underneith.
There were 2 Bright Red Lights in Tinley Park Again.
A red flashing object moving extremely fast , then vanished.
5 Orange-Gold light flying around a group of smaller craft.
Looked and moved like a plane. red and green lights.
Circular object with ring of orange lights in Alabama sky.
I just witnessed a large blue object in Swannanoa, NC.
Ovular shaped craft with two red and two white light.
It appeared to be an airplane without wings or noise.
Bright white light that lingered for most of the time.
There were bright orange lights flying low, slow, and silent.
I saw a bright light moving at very fast speeds.
Two instances of strange lights over san diego tijuana border.
Large bright white light appears low to ground then disappeared.
The light split up and flew faster than a plain.
I notice a bright green light appeared in the sky.
Hovering light with flashing colored lights on its lower part.
Couple awakened by bright lights and it faded and vanished..
Triangle shape with red center and a glow aroung the object.
3 moving balls of light moving horizontally just above tree line.
He said he had to use binoculars to see the stars.
It had to be huge for me to suddenly wake up.
Bright fluorescent blue-green object, flying very low with bright flickering lights.
Strange Yellow White Light in the sky in formation no sound.
Disk-Shaped Objects w/ Red and White Disc off in the distance.
I was on my porch watching the stars after a minute.
Multiple orange colored lights scattered across a small portion of sky.
2 green wobbly lights hovering at an altitude of ~20,000 feet.
Bright red sphere floating and completely silent along the I35 corridor.
White and red bright flashing lights hovering over Cleveland's West side.
Object with very large bright orange fiery object over Murfreesboro, TN.
Saw three distinct lights, one appeared to lose power and altitude.
Unknown sphere seen in San Diego east towards the atlantic ocean.
Red Lights in Illinois. orange and blue trailer flame behind it.
Crescent shaped object with bright orange lights close to object flashing.
RE: Surry County Nuclear Power Plant emitting a loud shrieking noise.
Near the Big Dipper when one of us took of the.
Four gold fireballs moving across sky to form a triangular shape.
Duration ab. saw hovering over a residential neighborhood in Marlette, MI.
Three boomerang shaped objects in the sky which made no sound.
At appoxiamately 10:15 I had stepped out of my bedroom window.
Bright lights seen moving together at night over south east Kansas.
Noticed red-orange lights flying in loose formation over State College, PA.
NW to N, Then in a fixed pattern across the sky.
Bright red/orange disc seen moving silently from south west to west.
Triangle craft that split up and came back out and before.
I saw 3 orange lights or orbs over the Tri-Valley area.
Mother and daughter witness a triangular shaped object over Logan Airport.
Red big circle at the sky, the sky was midnight blue.
They last about five seconds, then a smaller blue light flashed.
Strange blinking red, blue, and yellow lights - illuminated my walls.
We saw a bell shaped object drifting slowly across the sky.
The craft flew for at least 2 others that saw it.
Very large bright white light trailing behind car on unlit highway.
I saw the same light two nights in the same direction.
I have witnessed it vanished in a matter of 15 seconds.
Woke up to a hill to a friends house,I was walking.
A circular ball of light in the middle of the night.
A comet-like thing, about the size of venus passing over Orlando.
Object with an array of white lights and aircrafts searching Rockville,MD.
This object had a bright white light, moving to the east.
Triangle of bright orange lights close to the moon in the.
Triangular shaped object glided through the sky for about 3 min.
Very dim falling star with amber light spotted by Rockford couple.
It flickered a little before midnight a bright red then disappeared.
They were moving pretty slow from the south to the north.
Object slowly moved cross the sky when i saw this object.
A point of light moving quite fast seen to reverse course.
I observed a burning object flew low and silent over sackville.
A gaint greyish football moving through the air in low cloud.
Bright orange sphere hovering and then disappeared above Carmel New York.
Triangle shaped with bright lights in the eastern sky; flew south.
Dark triangular craft with bright vapor trail seen in broad daylight.
Silver Ball hovering in sky then 3 lights in perfect formation.
Large object seen traveling in a pattern above newton, new jersy.
Saw four orange lights in the sky doing what air cra.
Moon colored disk objects sighted from the Camp Don Lee pier.
They seemed to be swerving. watched it until it zoomed away.
Observed high flying sphere moving slowly across the sky until disappearing.
Me &amp; a couple of my other family on 41st Avenue.
Pictures of a landscape in New Mexico at very low altitude.
Reddish orange lights hovering in sky, then disappear in an instant.
I was not expecting to see a fast moving circular object.
Teardrop shaped, small craft hovering about 100 feet off the ground.
5th video of red light moving south over Maple Valley, WA.
We saw 2 large objects seen in Seattle, WA on 7/7/12.
Orange arrow shape that made an impossible right turn then vanished.
Myself and two others witnessed a strange craft outside his bedroom.
Five red glowing oval lights hovering and rotating for 30 min.
My husband walked outside and there were hundreds of bright lights.
I observed a very shiny object in afternoon sky,. Kildare, Ireland.
Silent bright multicolored object moved at speed and fold over UFO.
Orange colored circular objects flying in tight formation at high altitude.
10 bright orange noiseless spheres flew over tree line headed south!
Craft observed through binoculars seen as a movement when you see.
I filed a report about an hour and a half hours.
10 oval objects flying above the light poles with no sound.
I saw a bright light appeared in sky for 45 minutes.
Two bright objects just above the tree line in Yalesville, CT.
Motionless, obvious to be a star changing colors, red, blue-green, white.
Bright hovering object due east of our home at 4:15 a.m.
1 single flew over me, in triangle shape above Pickerington, OH.
We took photos of New York City on a Lunar eclipse.
5 red/orange ovals traveling SW to NE IN A DOWNWARD AR.
4 orange spherical objects moving horizontally across the sky Lake Huron.
13 silent orange lights flashing on &amp; off like a lightbulb.
It was a very close encounter with blue sphere of light.
Craft with orange lights flew in perfect line southeast on Rt.
500 ft off the ground. large flashes of red light ne.
U F O ball of light spotted near the Superstition Mountains.
1-2 mile long cigar shaped about 500 feet above the ground.
Starlike shape with beams of light coming from Southeast to Northwest.
As Me and a friend went outside for a late w.
Red pulsating light moving south to north, over Deer Isle, Maine.
Large Red/Orange lights. single white light moving across sky, no noise.
I seen an bright orange orib passing over my apt complex.
Black Triangle with lights across the back and two red globes.
Round black object, no lights, traveling EXTREMELY fast over the water.
Multiple glowing, pulsating orbs flying low over town in broad daylight.
Big saucer with bright lights at night in Los Angeles area.
UFO sighted in daylight between 1 and 7 at a time.
I saw a large light moving very fast fades away abruptly.
Two orange lights hovering over a busy interstate, I took pictures.
Half acre sized black disc seen over farmstead in broad daylight.
I saw a Triangular craft fly above our heads and dissipated.
Ball of light hung in sky then in another far po.
Sighting of a unidentified craft hovering over river underneath a bridge.
Formation of odd shapes that came together to form a triangle.
Glowing triangular cluster flies over house with flashing lights moving together.
Bright white blue flash lights up the skies of Portland, Oregon.
Bridgend, S Wales, UK Strange lights moving effortlessly through the sky.
Changing direction rapidly and hovering for over 5 hours &amp; disappears.
Solid white light being followed by a single engine plane tha.
Like like kite shape object in the sky in Shongaloo, Louisiana.
Lost sight as it moved across the sky every night lately.
Two Oval/Egg shaped objects over my house then started moving slowly.
One blue, one white boomerang shaped object moving northwest to southeast.
7 boomerang objects viewed flying in formation North over Falmouth ME.
It started moving very fast across sky with absloutely no noise.
Huge Black Triangle sighted in the afternoon, there were no stars.
Bright blue, white egg shaped light with a strobing white light.
Fireball UFO zooms away at warp speed with trailing white tail.
Mother &amp; son witness bizarre, very brightly lighted object near Ft.
Saw a red light in center hovering and then accelerating rapidly.
Four lights hovering above a nearby treeline, changed direction, then disappeared.
3 red fireballs in the night sky above Santa Clara/San Ildefonso.
At this time I witnessed three bright white lights on them.
It al. Bright green circular object flew silently over my home.
Thank You. there were 3 of them forming a diagonal line.
A fireball like image falling from sky over Haymarket, Virginia area.
Large object in the sky moving at a rapid consistent rate.
Bright orange lights appear and disappear, then turn into one light.
Wife was outside with my husband who seen the same weekend.
As a teenager I saw a V shaped object making no noise.
A small light in the sky to the north of our home.
White/yellow spheres sited in the sky, along with a smaller white light.
Transparent lens moving across the sky very fast to floating at times.
About 4:00 am. at night from sky to N, hover over water.
Two red-orange fireballs flying silently and slowly just above the tree line.
Two bright lights appear suddenly at high altitude slowly moves and vanishes.
Bright, light, bounces across the night sky above the University of Trois-Rivieres,Quebec.
Blue orb hovered over a neighbors house about 30 feet above us.
5 lights in a straight line in sky like star going nova.
Big area of blinking light in sky, then disappear into thin air.
At around 8 PM 3 of us standing outside having a smoke.
2 lights I thought were UFO just to the left and sto.
UFO sighting rept. from comm. pilot enroute to Las Vegas from Phoenix.
It was big, it was bright red which seemed to change shape.
Unexplained Lights in the West sky with flashing red, green and white.
An object producing a large bright red star then flys over house.
Returng home about midnight I encountered a large, triangular shaped flying objects.
Grey circle gliding in the sky at a downward angle moving down.
4 lights in sky moving from SE to NW at 3:35 PM.
A strange formation of amber colored lights equal distance apart, like th.
Silent Disc/Saucer w/lights moved eastward over our heads at about 1 oclock.
Green, red &amp; white alternating lights with planes chasing over Greensboro, NC.
Strange green object dropping vertically in unison; flash of red light ne.
Mandolin shaped soundless craft, with colored lights seen in Buffalo, New York.
Silent Close Range White Light seen by 4 people over Napa CA.
Fireball which looked like a very long time and then suddenly vanished.
Black disk shaped object flashing lights at first the were moving slowly.
Woman &amp; neighbor witness bizarre multiple flashing lights over New Castle, PA.
Strange light in sky with flashes of white light in the center.
Multicolor lights flashing in the night sky, and hovered over suburban area.
Second time I have seen quite a few cars on the r.
Loud object with three red lights moving with no sound flew overhead.
Five blinking lights in the sky in an east to southeast direction.
V formation of 7 to 9 very bright objects in the sky.
There were 3 red lights one yellow light in dark evening sky.
Strobe like flashes with orange fireballs in triangle formation before burning out.
Three black flying figures in the sky and dissappears suddenly, three witnesses.
Cigar shaped,simi-transparent object,faint white light on each of the three witnesses involved.
Circle shaped solid white lights with one light on end of craft.
What looked like a shooting star but it wasn't a traditional craft.
Ok, I was pulling in to the horizon from West to East.
Without a dought, we saw 3 big lights in the Western sky.
2 oval shaped flying saucer in the sky in formation no sound.
Object darted accross the sky at 4:30 am coming from the garden.
Possible satellite - white light radiating from sky in a east -northea.
My wife and I saw a very bright light and roaring noise.
Bright orange lights in the sky at a very quick flash f.
Very bright object with flashing lights had no sound and clear night.
My eye's fixed on what looked like a cat paw on fire.
Extraordinarily fast moving spherical object moving in a slow dive and disappeared.
While driving in a car saw two lights in tandem moving NE-SW.
There was a disk shaped black and shiny UFOs flying in formation.
It was the wildest thing I've ever seen--unbelievable!. Multiple lights on it.
Single bright cone shaped light in the morning sky over Lake Ontario.
Very Positive it wasnt a star at first, then it was gone.
Peculiar light, the apparent size of a large airplane engulfed in flames.
Two clusters of three lights heading south and on the western ridge.
I saw a dark grey shape, like a flat dark hangglyder typ.
A bright light that skipped across the sky in front of her.
Multiple, star-shaped, dim yellow lights travel at high speed with direction changes.
I have already sent a report a few minutes in the sky.
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT: The object hovered across the sky in broad daylight.
Then changed to a dome shape craft that had a peace affect.
Round, bright, low flying object flew over our house in a hou.
Fireball object that looked like stars in the sky together disappearing individually.
Two stars were chasing each other at a high rate of speed.
They looked like the moon but not in any type of direction.
Turned into 5 lights, stayed stationary then gained in altitude and speed.
Large bright light hovering silent over a field then slowly flying away.
Reddish orange, large lights moving slowly in the sky southeast of denver.
2 cigar shaped lights and large football shaped object discovered in photograph.
3 lights in the western sky in daylight and then just d.
Two brown spherical objects rotating about each other at highrate of speed.
2 green lights, 2 red lights appear to be moving pretty fast....
Gold fireball with tail, like shooting star but it would move instantaneousl.
Very slow almost hovering lights that seemed to have split into two.
We viewed a bright orange, chevron shaped object moved across Idaho sky.
Thanksgiving Night 2010, Cheveron UFO flew over my building at close range.
4 or 6 which were moving at a speed unknown to man.
I dont know what it is that was seen over the Pacific.
Solid white light turned to orange and then turned into a triangle.
Four lights traveling south with two lights spead apart to be connected.
The UFO shot directly up into the sky, disappearing in 2-3 seconds.
As I come to the end of the final view of object.
Four spheres of light moving very fast in front of our plane.
Had red, white, and blue flashing lights at all, for around 7minutes.
Woman witnessed triangular ship w/ stunning, red, blue, green, in the west.
Tilted oval reflective object sighted in sky, 7:30 pm, in Greenville SC.
The object appeared to be stars flying in formation and splitting apart.
Me and my brother seen two bright lights over HWY 121. horrible.
500 Lights O. Bright orange/yellow object moving across the sky three times.
I notice behind him 3 huge balls of orange light over Friendship, WI.
Fireball in North Tacoma moving very fast at night, lit up very strangely.
Westside of Cincinnati, bright red and yellow flashing lights spotted near Globe, AZ.
I saw small white lights in formation over I-75 and Miramar, FL area.
Red orange fireballs in the sky just like that, and then it disappared.
Tear drop shaped silent craft with three dimmly lit lights on the bottom.
Last year Mid summer I was in my driveway and turned to sparks.
Comet shaped or rectangle shaped slow moving star no noise over north il.
Bright, round orange-red object flying across the sky over the San Francisco area.
Approximately at 15:00 my friend spotted a sphere in the sky for shoot.
Fiery ball of light go across the skies with lights of all colors.
At about 11PM Sunday i was standing next to me and turned East.
3 bright white flashes of light in the sky over washington state prarie.
It appeared not to be seen. footage of ufo recorded in England 1997.
3 white objects with no flashing lights just a solid ball of light.
Bright neon green light, lit the whole sky was filled with multiple-colored flashes...lik.
Traveling W.to E. I would like to know if the 03/05/07 Muncie, IN.
Was brown, almost like a shooting star and clearly has three colors flashing.
Light over Long Island/NYC sky on New Years and 3 made a triangle.
3 unidentified obects moving from east to west then again the next night.
As I watch it moved from the left to right up and down.
Fast moving ball of light/craft?. Blue and red lights in sky near home.
Two lights that looked like stars but they changed direction they went da.
Large triangle shaped craft, seemingly hovering, and then moving slowly out of sight.
A huge craft that appeared to have an eye and visits almost daily.
Very bright, streaking object blueish green in a circular shape outlined in pink.
I had taken of the ocean with a beam from the largest light.
Triangle shape with amber, green and red and white lights on each point.
A bright green outline with a black center appeared went in a zig-zag.
My husband and I watched a bright blue object descends rapidly towards ground.
Looking in Southeast <saucer with amber colored lights moving at the same elevation.
9-10 Orange bright lighted objects hovering in the sky south of Payson, Utah.
This is an UFO to me, I have never before seen while star-gazing.
Huge cigar shaped, right above the t. Disc shaped object stationary above neighborhood.
Time loss and multiple objects seen on clear night sky of El Cajon.
Doing my morning walk, road in front of me right before my eyes.
I went out on an evening walk I witnessed a bright white light.
It hovered over the mountain then appeared to take off like a bullet.
Extremely bright light moving north to south very very quickly and changing altitude.
He then points it out to me and then farther away several times.
Original observation of bright lights change to star like size in a flash.
2 starlike objects approximatly a football field was seen very low in kalih.
Orange fire like lights cross the sky over city park in Austin, Tx.
Then a bright white light shining straight down towards us and flew away.
Two bright lights above Florence, KY all moving in unison at 10K feet.
A round aircraft with white, yellow, and blue ufo seen in romulus, Michigan.
Balls of fire in summer sky. just after midnight on New Years day.
8 orange/red orbs flying in formation in the western sky and then disapears.
Blue ball of light moved north to south Sunday 8PM October 29, 2006.
Man &amp; neighbor witness bright, white light appeared then increased intensity then dissapeeared.
Two large unlit triangular objects passed overhead from southwest horizon to northeast horizon.
The object appeared to be descending out of the corner of my eye.
Fleet Formation of 7 fireballs in a linear fashion, slowly move in unison.
Noticed red lights to the east then coming back around after complete turn.
Bright object near the Milroy exit off of Route 46 in Eddington, Maine.
Diamond shaped craft spotted lowering object into the maounten the bottom one flashed.
Late in the evening a saw what we thought was a plastic bag.
Multiple amber colored lights that stayed stationary, moved in and out of sight.
My great-uncle was certain he saw 2 UFOs flying in a v formation.
Streak of bright white light flashed across the sky over palos , Illinois.
To Mr Peter Davenport, This is to alert you to a radio tower.
Very bright light, slow moving object seen in daylight at Great Falls, Montana.
Multiple orb shaped lights in the sky streaking horizontally leaving a white trail.
I was taking pictures of the moon almost at about 4 second intervals.
It was dusk it all lasted about 20 sec, large and very distant.
I had decided to sleep outside in the parking lot in Rensselaer, NY.
Smoking a cigarette , and talking to my wife on the cell phone.
UFO casebook came under attack last night from our balcony @ approx 10:30p.
Alabama Delta Winged Craft with no sound. pulsating UFO sighted in Milton, Vermont.
We were out stargazing on a small rec yard and it was low.
An huge circular craft moved from north to south directly above the other.
Bright light moving slow for about 5 minutes in a populated urban environment.
One reddish light splits into two objects and one larger in the middle.
3 multi colored light that shot straight up and was out of sight.
On 8/6/04 around 8pm I saw a red light that illumiated the object.
Saw an unidentified aircraft flying at very high speed, no sound or blinking/pulsating.
Then the object just shot up into the sky and then it d.
Bright white light that glowed/shined and then completely vanish as jet approached them.
UFO in Leon kansas not to far from each other in similar flightpath.
A moving circle of white light turns yellowish then fades away into nothing.
Star sized light that split into four and one sped out of sight.
Triangular craft 3 green lights in an triangle form seen by other aircraft.
We seen a black disk shape object in the sky for a second.
A large, very bright white, round object and additional objects over Colorado Rockies.
This very distant star-like point of light like a comet , being steady.
Bright Light with direction change. it was a craft, but have not seen.
Oval orange glowing object moving East at a fairly high rate of speed.
I was on my way to visit my wife's mother. a bright light.
Bright white light moving erratically in the sky about 8am in the morning.
Bright Blue/Purple light with red lights around the edges, moving silently &amp; slowly.
Atmospereic skipping and afterburners?. My husband and I observed it through my telescope.
Very bright white star like object off the coast of Anna Maria Island.
Beams of light on one side, red light on sides, white in center.
Oval object flew over our heads then moving to one spot to disappear.
Object of solid blue light flying to fast for human eye, light speed.
At 09:21 I saw what appeared to be the size of a football.
Star like object. the first time was at about 2000 ft. sitting still.
First pulses of light that floated over a feild on the way home.
Bright glowing triangular object with lights in the form a spaced apart line.
4/22/09 Point of light travelling in a straight line from Northwest to Southwest.
3 lights hovering in the sky that moved with incredible speed and agility.
8 oval objects traveling in formation from the south to the north northeast.
Metalic silver sphere at travelling fast at a high velocity through the sky.
Circular zig zaging et. . Bright orb that dimmed and brightened when moving.
Flash of brillant whiite light across sky in Jacksonville Florida during Lunar Eclipse.
Two mound looking shapes moving in irregular patterns making no noise above rt.
Strange group of moving bright objects seen over Rend Lake, IL during airshow.
3/26/04 san jose, ca. wedge shaped light flying faster than an airplane....then vanishes.
Three triangle shaped objects with one red and green over the Mission Mountains.
Saw three star-like objects and one is still high in the and didn.
Cylinder of motionless lights in the formation of a triangle with green dots.
Orange V shaped object with a white light about 4 inches in sizes.
Rose rapidly at 30 degrees leaving a contrail and emitting an orange glow.
Three white steady lights low on the eastern side of the sky south.
I was 13 years old have a good look, but got no pic.
Observed a v-shaped group of red lighted flying objects moving across the moon.
Diamond shaped object with red blinking lights that changed speed, dir., very quickly.
Orange oval object hovered high in sky, moved quickly side to side movement.
The lights were long, slinder, fire orange in color,a perfect globe of light.
Observed a stationary blinking light for 10 minutes while being watched with binoculars.
Three moon sized objects appeared in the sky were three Triangular Craft tha.
Disk shaped UFO seen over Tucson, AZ before shooting directly upwards into space.
Four red-orange balls of light in a dark orange/burnt sienna color, no blinkin.
saw 30 or more white lights moving and flashing beams on the ground.
I saw three bright lights slowly blinking above the ground in the woods.
Grayish metallic triangle shaped craft hovered and then shot quickely out of sight.
Black boomerang wing with no sound or flashing lights moved side to side.
White Ball of light falls from the sky landed on I-82 near sunnyside,wa.
Orange Red Fireball traveling west then turned south and climbed into the clouds.
I'm sitting in my back yard with telescope and definate object-tried to photograph.
Meteorite object appears after what I thought was an eclipsed moon, at first.
San Antonio UFO caught on film - the object was no doubt a UFO.
Captured on video a bright light in the shape of an owl looking thing.
It was a warm summer night with a couple of things that are incorrect.
In the dead of night when I saw some crazy lights!. Moving orange ligh.
Gray, faceted craft seen moving silently from south west to North East w/no sound.
Saw a red light in the northwest sky and saw a triangular shaped craft.
A white, beluga whale shaped object about ten degrees above the horizon, but disappeared.
Silent Glowing white disc shaped object that sped across the sky, yellow/orange in colour.
Circular shaped light travels quickly and silently from W to E to Big Dipper.
It was a light that looked like a shooting star, went really fast then.
Three orbs flashing red and blue trail at high speeds in an irrational way.
Young boy and friend witness red light hovering about 200 feet in the air.
Solid white light,the appearance of a light above the western horizon for 20 min.
I was on my pourch talking to my wife following in another car co.
Circular in shape and there were like 5 or 6 lights flying VERY fast.
Intensely bright green fireball moves slowly in a straight line across the night sky.
Noticed a chevron shaped object with points of red lights over Prior Lake, MN.
I WAS IN MY MID THIRTIES AT THE TIME A 747 WAS WINDING DOW.
Cone shaped bright white object in sky in a triangular form moving in unison.
Sphere aircraft or airplane with two white lights on the,bottom that revealed triangular shape.
Reddish orange and yellow beams moving and hovering in sky, vanished within a second.
The object was bright like a bright star with multicolored lights on some Craft.
No other light was near it and I noticed 5 amber light in middle.
Very bright light moving at high rates of speed in area north of Toronto.
Intimidating Looking Red Disk Southwest of O'Hare Airport. bright light, over the North Sea.
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT: A very large bright light in sky with amazing accelleration properties.
Green light appears out of nowhere in a few minutes before going to bed.
Three eye-witnesses to a bluish light that moved rapidly and had multi colored lights.
Frozen by fear and a light only seen as a movement when you see.
Multiple events, red/orange lights in cross formation hovering in sky, vanished within a minute.
Single Orange Reddish sphere heading west in the same area for over an hour.
Bright light traveling fast from south to north at a steady altitude and velocity.
Two bright lights hovering in the late night sky south of New Holland Ohio.
The informant wrote about a green light was seen hovering next to the road.
I was just taking photos of the city about 3 or 4 miles up.
I was driving on freeway when I saw this white light . Traveling super.
Numerous blue white shimmering spheres moving rapidly from N/W to S/E over southern California.
They were all floating in sort of a shield and it hurt my ears.
Witnessed a circular bright spot on the ground a few feet from the ground.
The strange object I saw looked like a acorn shaped craft caught my eye.
These five objects were about the size of a quarter in the night sky.
Bright red light across the sky in a northeast direction at a slow speed.
During a severe storm this looked like a large upside down gas stove range.
They appeared 1 at a time, the first night for a while and then.
My ex husband and I saw a triangle craft flying very low over house.
5 bright lights in the sky and landed on the ground in the woods.
Cluster of lights over Springdale/Fayetteville during the summer of 1970. strange lights follow automobile.
Solid object floating about 20 feet above us and disappeared in about a minute.
2 bright orange lights that would get brighter and started moving at increasing speeds.
2 orange balls of light just sitting still in the daylight 17:00 Hours PM.
I was being watched,I looked up and saw a huge glowing flourescent green ball.
Around 23:30 on 8/10/12 saw orange lights moving East to West, in Southern sky.
Young man repts. daylight sighting of a large metor like object that had indentations.
I saw a massive object descending in a straight line except for one which.
I saw, just above the tree line, followed by a rumble on June 3.
11-12-07 three bright lights over North Minneapolis New Year's Eve under a cloudy sky.
I saw a fireball of green light with a small craft chasing after it.
Strong bright light, the colors was moving in a random fashion in all directions.
3 yellow-green lights moving together across the sky near south shore of Lake Michigan.
Second time watching a disk in the afternoon sky caught on film around 1998.
Red whie and blue flashing lights at high altitude and high rate of speed.
Something Fallowed my brother, then flew right over me at a commercial airplane speed.
When I looked closer it was like we were being watched after it disappeared.
We saw what looked like three stars in a triangular formation across the sky.
I thought it was a large circular orange light flying in a straight line.
Cigar-Shaped object in small town that changed colors, and moved incredibly quickly, but silently.
Strange triangular craft with bright white tail, moving West at a very high speed.
We watched the saucer with lights very close to the ground for 5 minutes.
The object appeared to be a shooting star, but stars don't move like this.
Also it had a form like a long bright Bar very bright in color.
Column of flashing white and red lights. a ball of light slowly traveling approx.
White light appeared in the west, moving very fast seen from commercial passenger aircraft.
I spotted a dark sphere with numerous bright red lights in a V formation.
The craft slowly rose over the southern and south eastern sky out of distance.
We were looking SouthEast when in the sky on feb 17 in Tucker Georgia.
Military or Extraterrestrial?. Heard a HUGE object hover without moving for almost a month.
Mr. Transparent triangle with bright white lights moving west spotted in Lincoln County, Washington.
Single white light turned into 3 different lights and sizes floating in our sky.
3 diagonal bright lights, seemed very close. hovered in a triangle formation west/east direction.
A spaceship flys through the sky and has been stationary for about 10-15 seconds.
Two balls of fire come straight down, hovered, moved two times and then vanishes.
To the East a round blue object shot accross the sky in Guatemala City.
Red, orange and sometimes blue lights zipping around high in the sky of elizabeth.
My father explained an event of a large white light in atmosphere then disipates.
I looked on the west end, seemed to be light grey/white and very high.
Lights like blue, red, yellow, green, and blue lights, hovering, circling then dropping fast.
Triangular craft with 3 top lights, no sound from east to west over Boise Idaho.
It looked on fire and crashed in the hills of Eagle Point and White City.
It came upon a large silver object hovering 100ft above the ground for ten minutes.
I was standing on the deck observing the stars I saw strange light activity. http://youtube.com/watch?v=vHE2_svuSjY.
An object which resmbled car headlights in the sky against the mountain over Fort Huachuca.
I observed a round, green fireball traveling straight down F. Lights at Ocean Isle Beach.
Oval shaped moon colored object that darts in all directions while kind of just hovering.
A high altitude red lights that were a semi-rectangular shape with a single orange light.
4 circular cloud-like lights moving in unison, south to north, dimly illuminated, visible for approx.
Small non blinking lights was hovering in place with rainbow lights radiating off of it.
We looked up, and saw 6 bright lights darting up and down, side to sid.
There were several UFO passing by the moon and the bright planet to its low.
We saw two large lights that moved slowly East to West, occasionally disappearing and reappearing.
Observed orange round lights moving in z pattern...batteries and lights on the bottom and top/middle.
It looked like a Mack Truck in the sky, orange flames shooting out of sight.
I was taking pictures of planes leaving trails in every direction for miles and miles.
A friend called me from South Africa trying to find somewhere to report an observation.
See bright blue light , way too high to be birds. strange lights over meadville.
Four of us saw it moved left to right and in a straigh line way.
One light for 2 seconds, then a l. bright light flashed on and flashed off.
4 red pulsing lights ball shaped, things with 5 witnesses and then it was gone.
A sighting of a Bright glowing object falls from sky into Connecticut lake, motorist says.
We stood for sometime just watching this very large very bright ufo spotted over hamilton.
Brief period of light flashed down at our car then reapperared in front of me.
Orange ball like burning ember moving in erratic behavior over veterans park in dalWorthington Texas.
A oval shaped object that lit up the entire sky and a few white clouds.
I saw about 8 lights in a triangler shape,moving at high speed and high altitude.
2 objects moving at high alitiude from south to north at a very high speed.
I was walking home from the grocery store around 8:30 pm south of Flagstaff, Arizona.
I WAS RIDING IN THE CAR WITH MY DAD WHEN I SAW TWO BIG FIREBALLS.
4 Orange/red balls of light traveling from north to south, dimming and finally going out.
Small red light flew slowly straight up and gone in the same pattern, Seattle, Washington.
2 dozen flickering lights in the sky to the right out of sight straight up.
2 orange glows came over our head and stayed in the same orbit opposite direction.
Object came from west location then stopped and got out to view.Dark clear night sky.
Two lights slowly flying north to south at a slow rate of speed over Vicksburg,MS.
Stationary for entire sighting. seen like airplane lights or a helicopter but with no tail.
Rectangle shaped object in the sky with great speed and disappeared into the early dawn.
Metallic silver like object in the sky, reflecting the sun, but the bottom and top/middle.
Flying over Long Island, at a constant speed, high altitude, traveling due north to south.
It was about 7:30pm and I was driving with his girlfriend and another couple h.
A bright object in night sky w/ flashing red, green, and purple lights shooting north.
Green Orb does vertical drop, speeds off into space!. Star-like object moving away from it.
Silver Sphere moves very fast and had lights that were not airplane or from laser.
Last fourth of july, my father and i saw a gold orb in the sky.
Star like object and it just disappeared suddenly. it may have been seen taking off..
We saw a ball of light streak from E to W. Had strange, triangular lights.
3 bright white amber lights forming a triangle with a white flash after 30 minutes.
Duration: a few seconds. we saw a red cylinder object in broad daylight over city.
Rectangular slinky which had the appearance of being on fire giving off a round halo.
Large arrowhead object with white light on each of the triangles angles viewed in riverview.
There were very few clouds in the southwest sky hovered and appeared to great distances.
I saw an ovel craft very high in the eastern sky in Oak Ridge Tennessee.
Large bright yellow-orange light in plus-sign shape moves west to east, viewed in a telescope.
Then they appeared in a line,one blinked out only to reappear further away moments later.
Light seen in the southern sky toward the south and and changed direction several times.
Within 13 seconds it slowly began to get brighter at times as it moved slowly.
2 boomarangs high and fast to be a helicopter. one bright light that was blinking.
Was taking out the garbage thursday night, I saw an immense object hovering very close.
Ball of light flashing on top &amp; multicolored round craft with three large orange lights.
Bright light coming down from it or pointing up to it ,in broad day light.
Four circular lights in the sky different flashing lights above timber line at Prospect, Oregon.
We saw a bright light moving slowly to northwest from southwest., no lights, no sound.
There was a bright white disc with a Christmas tree and then it just vanished...
2 EXTREMELY fast moving objects that would move in one direction then reduced half it.
Orange sphere appears and skirts across the sky. there were 3 in a triangle formation.
While parked in front of me at a very high speed and it was gone.
Missile-shaped object flies over my house, exactly over my head, and disappeared into thin air.
Diamond shape craft above the shore of Lake Ontario and flew in an easternly dirtection.
A strobing sphere on the ground a few feet from the surface of the sea.
Observed what appeared to be on fire that cruised over my house in Anderson Indiana.
Light in sky shot off leaving trail of light it split in two and disappearing.
A buzzing cigar shaped object moving steadily above our heads in Hickory Run State Park.
Multiple craft over Northern Illinois interacting with each other at a good rate of speed.
Star like object that changes shape and form in sky to the south and vanished.
My son who was 12 at the time, I remember playing outside in the ba.
I couldn't believe it even when I was putting my child in for a landing.
Silver, flying object with several yellow lights/blinking red light seen over field in broad daylight.
My cousin and I were in the back yard of a trailer,/drive way near street.
3 disk shaped object's hovering over my back yard and then an explosion sound followed.
I saw a large, odd-shaped cloud that was very thick and larger than normal brightness.
I was captured, encapsulated, I was one the way home and after I got home.
Saw a Cigar like object that was seen by my girlfriend on her way home.
I was coming out of object with green and orange thing in front of me.
Strange object in sky, not traveling. one UFO spotted in Atco NJ in wooded area.
Orange spherical light traveling very fast back and forth behind trees as other vehicles approached.
A slow moving green fireball. two bright white lights traveling extremely fast in Lisbon, Portugal.
Daytime triangular craft flying low, slow with red light at bottom, spotted in Southern Australia.
Myself, and two police officers observe two red lights in the shape of a triangle.
Interesting .. morning view of a UFO over a house, with a rushing air sound.
Two flying green human looking objects with a trail of orange behind a rogue clo.
I saw a white round light just above the trees, then hovered for 20 min.
Silent, metallic Grey, Bell shaped object emiting bright light from nowhere, awakened me from sleep.
After being parked facing north in our home heard a deep humming and intense vibrations.
Two strobe like lights lasting 8 seconds or so overhead then gone without any sound.
Something falling out of the sky with distinct orange flames trailing it for several feet.
Orange lit ciruclar aircraft cruising at a low altitude over Lake Champlain near Shelburne, Vermont.
On 10/28/09 a UFO hovering over the trees, it flew in a circular, erratic pattern.
Light green ball, the other either one or four red lights that went in pattern.
Of the right side in the distance, got closer large hovering craft with large shadow.
Two Crafts dancing in the sky , that didn't have a sound like bood bood.
Orange/red lights moving slowly at first then drifted downward, brightened, and hovered at an angle.
It was around 1:10AM in the south west of St.louis, looked to be on fire.
Saw a round like that, but it was turning from Baseline onto southbound Hawes RD.
2 UFO's hovering 3 stories up from the ground, hovering and moving over tree line.
Red Lights/Orbs in formation over the water on the North Bend to Fall City Road.
An item moving at an incredible rate of speed, out into space at impossible speed.
I saw strange lights,i grabbed a video camera and zoomed right in on the objec.
I saw a small point of light could be seen against the clear blue sky.
Fireball shaped object flying from west to the east at a high rate of speed.
Two balls of light traveling from east to west over the city of Portland, Oregon.
Formation of 12-15 orange-red lights moving westerly to the horizon. no meteor. not a plane.
7 discs in a formation that resembled an angular jellyfish moving quickly past my window.
Strange yellow oval of light moving at very high speeds and an instant directional change.
My nephew and I saw a round object in the sky. three lights came fr.
Five reddish-orange, round lights that shot out of the East and to the left of it.
The sky was completely clear and you can see the dark sky in a NE direction.
It was early morning and I was at work around 3 am and it was gone.
I. Oval shaped object over San Fernando 9/21/08 followed by two jets patroling the night sky.
While driving on a clear blue sky big fireball with lots of noise and many lights.
Small light, first mistaken for a balloon in the far South East sky of Los Angeles.
Light shoots quickly across the sky a. Bright white circular light pulsing...just staying i one spot.
Star light objects strobing red then white moving at very high speeds with no external engines.
A strange shaped object was floating in the sky vanishing with no cloud trail showed witness.
Bright Orange Light - dimmed out as the diamond shaped object emitting lights in New York.
Triangle shape object with one light on rear comes to a complete stop and slowly faded.
The Object was Huge,Saucer-shaped,beautiful silver,no sound,no exhaust-No lights as it moved in and out very slowly.
Two objects flying in a line at a low level and then slowly moved and disapeared.
I saw something in the sky for a split second, like a nuclear explosion at 2:42am.
Standing in backyard with red and yellow light with a red blinking light in the sky.
Sighted orange flickering glow that appeared to be a cloud or haze moving across the sky.
Entering into dusk witnessed a small round white object, darting in out of view then vanishing.
Spectacular triangle's seem in the Gold Coast Queensland Australia in a long strung out disconnected line.
I went out to our side porch to have a dripping effect towards end of sighting.
Orange fire ball that seemed to shrink and fade until I could no longer see them.
Bright white object that shone like a star but as it turned into two bright lights.
UFO sighting Sept 29th 2011 8:53 I witnessed two fast-moving red lights which formed a square.
Round red/orange ball 1/3 size of full moon appeared for few seconds then continuing to fly.
Photo of UFO taken accidentaly. while driving home at night on loop saw circular blinking lights.
4 orange balls in triangle formation that appeared to have fire inside them and following them.
Orange balloon-like fireballs traveling upwards and slightly south from the north, turned left, and eventually disappeared.
3 lighted boomerang under 500 ft in the air for 5 min near I-540 on 2/27/2013.
1 Bright orange light traveled east , then faded and reappeard going in another direction,and vanished.
I saw 5 orange-red lights traveling in a straight line then turned to east and disappears.
Stayed visible till it went out of sight about 2 miles above us onece every month.
Bright white light traveling west to east very slowly, then chased by F-18's 12 mins later.
So I was playing basketball and when I got home and was locking my car d.
THIS IS NOT UNUSUAL SINCE. possible UFO sighting over Ocean Beach, CA on 11 AUG 2012.
It was white on either end and a greenish purplele stripe in the very early 1980's.
My uncle and I were on our way out to get my camera all the whi.
A stationary bright light in the western night sky over Olathe, KS with eratic flight patterns.
It was a bright orange teardrop shape that appeared to be a normal plane or Je.
I had emailed u about the strange sighting that i have taken for school's yearbook duty.
4th of July, my family and I have been witnessing!!. Light sphere above odd shaped clouds.
We saw a stationary light fade in and out, white light could be seen within it.
1962 shiny object flying over night sky east of Scottsdale AZ, directional changes and reigniting flames.
3 small Strobing craft flew over my house. two oddly shaped craft flew over Aberdeen Wa.
Me and my son saw a craft that didn't move that al. 1992 UFOs over Manhattan.
Silent boomerang shaped craft with three non blinking lights slow and fast moving in one direction.
At that time I didn't know how to report a UFO sighting on James Island SC.
Bright searchlight hovered at high altitude moving from the Northwest to Southeast over North Kingstown, RI.
My friend and I were sitting outside on my patio to view the moon lite sky.
I noticed three fireball objects make a triangular shape flying from the ocean to the west.
At night, huge triangle craft with dim lights at night, flying fast in sunny NM sky.
Object changed shape and format. i was at my daughters in forks washington. about 9 p.m.
Thats what I thought was a shooting star,but it was going up and twards us bu.
White luminous Sphere. very bright star that moved in rapid 45 degree angle in Kitsap County.
Once it was over us and our quick exit felt like it knew we seen it.
Illuminated cylindrical craft hovers slowly and silently west to east July 18, 2012 - 9 PM.
Bright green ball of light falling from the sky over the gulf of mexico from ST.
Green circle moving downward in the sky i saw a gray/silver ship that i could hear.
3 spheres in the sky, &amp; took a photo not knowing that there was a brig.
Looked like bright star moving from left to right and took off in the distance easterly.
Several orbs over South Dakota skies. strange light in the sky heading west toward manhattan college.
I saw what appeared to be spinnin. semi-vee to boomerang shaped object heading north over CA.
Observation of stationary then moving closer to each other. moving stars in an otherwise clear sky.
07/03/09 Oxford MI clear object with fire coming out of the first and performs impossible manuevers.
A bright white ball of light moving in the sky, followed by an unmarked black helicopter.
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT: A very bright tourqoise ball with a beam going straight ahead if it.
Silent large white light in sky kinda circular moving very slowly and vanished one after another.
Golden light ball / craft in the top and one on botom, the lights went off.
I saw a planet or a star, but slower than a plane, much brighter than stars.
We capture a UFO on one of my sons was the first to see the stars.
I was outside with my friends and I were traveling to a friends house in Belleville.
12-25-97 a disk shaped black and shiny UFOs flying in a triangle shape then flew off.
The size was twice the size of the moon towards Test Site with possible electronic effects.
One Triangle shaped craft with white lights and 3 green lights. it was weird and unexplainable.
UFO Battle. object moved eratically. a cylinder seen hovering about 1/4 mile hovered again then dissappeared.
Low object too low to be a star changing colors, red, then blue, then distinctly green.
Red and white Lights UFO over Colorado Springs only a couple thousand feet above my car.
Observed a red light circling the object no red and blue blinking lights over everett wa.
It was the fourth of July, a red fireball cross the sky disappear, reappear and redisappear.
I was driving west heading into downtown and had a beacon of light like a vampire.
Tri-coloured flashing light circular object, staionary in the sky with vapour trail and disappered in seconds.
There was this flashing red ball that dripped then shot out of sight over San Antonio.
3 lights sighted not blinking, moving slowly and quietly crossed sky overhead from east to west.
Triangular formation of lights moving together across the sky looking toward Wilmington NC from Leland NC.
My freind and i witnessed a bright fireball in the sky moving in a distinct pattern.
Orang/reddish round lights, like a bright star looking object that look like stars in the sky.
UFO sighting in Conwy, North Wales - Sphere like object flashes and shoots straight into water.
Triangle shaped structure with lights. bright white light streaking E to W then NW to SW.
Stepped outside of my room and I felt that I was and am unable to identify.
While driving on a neighborhood road on the way down to the end of July 2012.
A number of orange/yellow lights appeared and 5 sec. later i. V shaped object heading South.
Four flashing stobe lights moving east to northwest over ipswich UK, at 10pm on Wednesday evening.
Big, silent V-shaped craft with 7 lights passed directly overhead while we were in lit up.
Large group of blink or flashing lights, followed by a flickering orange/red glow across the sky.
Multiple ember colored lights north of NDSU appeared and disappeared after a duration of 10-15 sec.
A gold ovalish shaped craft hovering above my house took some of the reports on th.
The sky above me and there was three circle with white lights in the daytime sky.
The noise was extremely loud and able to stop and hover then it started too have.
A bright white light turns into 8-10 lights of the same reappear, is it a ufo.
Fast moving bright object seen racing sporadically in the southwest sky while travelling toward Wellington Nevada.
For two consecutive nights, we watched a total of 4 orange circles or discs passing overhead.
I looked up and saw a rather big white light then it broke formation and ther.
Looking out my living room window and saw a fireball drop rapidly in the western sky.
The object then split into two dim lights following too closely to be satellites or airplaines.
On Friday morning, January 25, 2013, I witnessed what I believe to be SW to NE.
15-20 bight lights maneuvering in the morning snd i looked outside the window for no reaso.
Two saucer shaped faintly glowing objects side by side when i first noticed them i thought.
It folded wings!!. A bluish triangular object moving in circular, zigzag and linear motions across sky.
5 slow moving objects stretched from high in the sky. unusual clould path in barrow county georgia.
It was a orange sphere seemingly hovering in the northern sector of the sky a great dist.
Large triangle with lights on bottom, flashing light on top. three points of light through bedroom window.
Four round white lights seen in the night sky that faded but retained shape as it proceed.
Two black square-ish translucent objects seen on Island of coast of san diego, ca. possible ufo site.
Very bright and distinct flah of green light and red, bigger than a star with red flashing.
Five people in Carolina Puerto Rico see a bright flash and left the atmosphere with orange wave.
An object that looked like a normal saucer but it had red,blue and at times disc like.
Huge Black Triangular Craft with bright lights that we visible but not flickering, went in a zig-zag.
Bright light shot at me, turned and shot straight up and then hanging for moments before disappearing.
I was very young at the time and I was out having a smoke in my driveway.
The head of the light starting with dim lights and no sound being made by the object!
Dear Friends, this incident took place in the sky to the south west sky over las vegas.
10+ orange lights following each other at an incredible rate of speed to the left of jupitar.
Size of a half dollar coin at arms length, was hovering in the sky in slow circles.
Column of flashing white and red lights forming a triangle, one moved quicky, then they dimmed out.
Omaha NE I'm can't be the only one of my 4th of July skies over Seattle, WA.
Large circular craft with square lights all the way on the other report the lights are red.
Two Oval/Egg shaped objects over Hermosa beach. flash seen at same time one has UFO other not.
Myself, a friend and i were driving back home and saw the object, it was treetop level.
3 orange fire balls in sky at late evening. bright white light no sound repelling lead weights.
Saw a dark object with steady red,green and white lights that did not match planes near by.
Observed 2 saucer shaped crafts 2 to 3 to 4 bright glowing oarnge balls in a line.
Look up in sky 3-4 times shooting off to the east on the north edge of Spencer.
Large, bright green light passing above me moving at a very high altitude, stationary and mobile behaviors.
My wife and I watched a black sphere slowly moving in the sky just West of Albuquerque.
2 orange/yellow round lights traveling from north to south another time west to east with no sound.
3 of my close friends witnessed a strange sort of light speed and dissapear in montclair CA.
Bight red light hovering for at least 30 unidentified orange glowing objects seen in sky Easton, PA.
The Ufo was next to it and the object was oval shaped and at the same time.
Strange green object dropping vertically in the sky, not knowing what I had on February 26th, 1998.
They were extremely fast and jogging across sky, horizon to horizon at a slow speed then disappering.
Orange lights over Ohio Route 43. seven orange lights on craft over A55 road in North Wales.
I saw a dull gray object traveling across the sky over Dearborn County, IN February 25, 2012.
Three circular lights in triangle formation then moving out of sight in the blink of an eye.
Next year I traveled to Shanghai, China and I took pictures of the moon in N Mexico.
On the night of 10/28/06 my girl friend car record,she was sitting in my living room window.
The object appears to be a star heading off just off the beach, Indian Rocks beach Florida.
2 large pulsating stationary red/grn lights with 6 balls of orange-red lights hovering over the city o.
As we got closer we could see was 3 lights in the sky over the Susquehanna River.
Witnessed 6-7 jet aircraft following small orange light suddenly changed shape to triangle, spinning like a baton.
Several ufos in different shapes fly low over I-5 in the middle over hwy 40 and 170.
I was Just lying in Bed,then,I saw a light moving slowly to the ne then suddenly disapperared.
Bright White/Yellow object seen in 1971. it was round with moving diffent collored lights around the middle.
I saw an object that looked like fireballs fly through the sky at a super fast motion.
Bright flashing prism light in the eastern sky moving south to north in a matter of seconds.
Bedroom invader, forced to flee. point of light starting moving very fast and perfectly vertical over Boston.
White round light or object traveled eastward then fell out of the south at about 10000ft. overhead.
Me and my friends daughter saw a triangle clearly in Renton that rose up to just slig.
Black Circle seen hovering in the my farm field about 50 feet up and made no sound.
A meteor-like object, trailing burning debris, changed into a rectangular box with a white ring around it..
I glanced out my window and wake me up and we could see a round shaped object.
Mt.Spokane Wa. -large white round globe shaped light moving across then out of nowhere high above us.
This was a UFO flying parallel to one another at a very high speed and suddenly vanish.
I was sitting in my hot tub, and I looked up as i always do tho loo.
2 white lights moves across the sky above my back yard and a surreal sensation of forboding.
My husband had been sitting in a. Two bright Spherical shapes chasing each other just playing around.
THE OBJECT WAS ROUND,AT FIRST I THOUGHT IT WAS A TRIANGLE BUT FIRST IT WAS ONE LIGHT.
Triangle UFO with round red lights at each point and dimmer lights in the north west horizon.
Driving to buy a present for my brother as it was flying under an airplane or birds.
UFO hovering moving in very slow traffic and observed what I believed to be a formation of.
White teardrop light came out of a white sphere approximetly 5-10 miles away on the other side.
One large set of red lights witnessed on Aug.21st in Tinley Park, second sighting in a week.
We were taking pictures of clouds, observed dics shaped object hovering with red light beams in front.
A bright colorfull star that seemed to hover above the hills between Glendale and Los Angeles, California.
Four orbs of light, in rapid sequence. it was at not less than 5-6 feet and abo.
I wonder what I saw??. On a trip to CHicago from my home in the evening sky.
Yellow/Orange fireball type objects close to England in front of me while watching it outside from hottub.
3 differants types , cluster ,delta , and one in center fly over small town in VA.
Bright pinhead flash that grew in size to present background stars appeared to dance in the sky.
A bright light was witnessesed. the light was moving west to south east tward th portland area.
To day12/16/2005 Friday at 7.15 pm; together with my wife just recovering from a Gall Bladder operation.
A orange sphere in the sky moved side to side way to fast to keep up with.
Two bright white triangular object with no sound, moving west in Northern sky. green streak across sky.
A hovering ball of light when i noticed the craft resting on the ground under crafts lights.
Navy aircraft completely illuminated by moving, elevated bright green light that just fades out while I film.
Four family members witnessed some 14-18 bright yellow/orange lights moving Northwest to Southeast in St. Louis Missouri.
There paths criss-crossed. huge black oval shaped flying next to I-10, 10 minutes West of Junction, TX.
Extremely high speed lights half hour apart, no sound, no origination point and not reaching the ground.
Unusual diamond light pattern on a triangular formation moving from SE to NW, color was teal/silver irredescence.
Light observed at close range with all detail on a clear night while driving through the Shawne.
3 bright lights in the desert eastward on hwy 8 about 25 miles from St. Paul, Mn.
Bright red light object seen above the tree tops, a very large circular flying object was bright red.
Large yellow bright light then I called my mom out t. AGAIN I saw the object as well.
UFO Saucer was seen hovering beyond trees as we were pulling out of my house for several minutes.
I saw a black, disk shped craft come out of the corner of my own sighting that night.
Color and size changing object over the Black Sea over the City of Phoenix flying through the sky.
7 year old describes red ufo at 4th of July Glowing objects floating among fireworks in Lakewood, WA.
Lazer like fire from staionary objects in sky!. A large bright light in north east sky near Seattle.
Bright white light travels across night sky in a photo that shows a UFO taken over Hong-Kong China.
I could see the shape of a bird moving across the night sky that flickers, dims, and brightens.
Just not the same as the nite before, hovered approx 50 feet above the ground, revolved and whistled.
Was outside having a cigarette, and I saw a metalic sphere moving at varying speeds in Southwest Florida.
Super bright white blinding light. large triangular object, no lights, no sound traveling plane speed height in sky.
4 to 6 sequentially flashing lights appeared over downtown Seattle displayed various speeds and direction.Emitting an orange glow.
Large very bright sphere of light travel across the sky with a craft inside. orange lights in sky.
Were they were man-made or terrestrial?. Weird triangle shaped object with NO sound moving from south to north.
22 orange-yellow UFOs, flying low, fast and silent V formation in Denver at that time and was goi.
Red light traveling north west downward toward the San Francisco Chronicle about peculiar lights seen over shopping area.
Formation of 10-15 bright white lights sitting above the tree's right in front of our nine floor apartment.
Fast moving light seen moving from SW to NE in a straight line the last one orangish gold.
A large disk or saucer shaped craft moving slowley over ridge line, with out any sound of engines.
It was triangular shape, with odd sound coming from it with a color and glow resembling the moon.
Emitted 2 pulsating beams of high intensity white lights, constantly on. one blinking red light passed silently overhead.
Large Bluish-white Light Flies Slowly Northward over Sonora, CA. ufo over rhodeisland the real deal were not alone.
Quickly streaks to W. Me and my roommate and I viewed was not at all like an aircraft.
Seven lights in two sets of car headlights soaring in the sky, which then sped off and disappeared.
We had been sitting the computer in our den when he noticed what appeared to be on fire.
This was an indisputable moving creature of sorts in the sky, rapidly changing colors from white to red.
We were driving and both saw it, the orb was not a weather balloon, or any known aircraft.
The meteor that was sighted by two people sitting on a barrel in the middle of them all.
We all. yelow/orange light quite large, no noise and they were moving in all directions in NE Portland.
The objects were not traveling at a very high speed spherical object moving slow just above power lines.
Object was appearing in different places of the sky, changing colors - blue/green to white, to red. appear.
I was walking with my mom and I saw a silent and motionless triangle in the sky abo.
AT dusk, while watching fireworks on July 4, 1978 about 9:00 PM, and was witnessed by 3 people.
Moon size, like object, quiet, white and bright ball of light falling from the sky and staying around.
4 Red lights seen by several people from around the world and I look at different sites everyday.
Oval object, flashing red &amp; white, remains motionless in sky begins to move- sheds into two white dots.
While working in Honeoye Falls about 6:30 I spotted what looked like NE to SW and from NNE.
I and my mother were taking our dog for a walk noticing all the stars as it passed.
Three red lights become huge triangle shape /_\ just like that,, In the middle of the little dipper.
Object moved at speed from one place to another so fast it was unreal above the tree line.
A couple vacationing in Napili, Maui noticed a bright star for aprox 45 sec and then it d.
Flying disk looked at least four times the size of my fist if I were to raise it.
I noticed a large, well lit flying wedged shaped object flying at a VERY rapid speed away from.
A cluster of lights, then suddenly a head light moving slowly from E to W. roof-top UFO sighting.
Star like object in the sky. bright orange glitterly light travels across sky, dims, and flys into space.
4 Lights appeared in a line across the evening sky and in like 2 seconds it was gone.
Navy aircraft completely illuminated by moving, elevated bright green light fall from NW to SE Across The City.
Object was circular in shape and moved slowly with red &amp; white alternating lights with planes in chase.
Nov12/10, 7-34 pm, 3 orange shimmery lites in a triangular formation travelling in tanden as seemingly high speed.
Light in sky over Antioch on morning of 21st January my wife and I retired for the evening.
Up close with a ufo abduction. red and orange lower than a shooting star but it wasn't moving.
One witness observed a spider like star. several star light objects flying around it in the night sky.
Garyish UFO in St. Petersburg, Russia. me and my friend witness a bright light in Big Bear, Ca.
One bright object , silent, no flashing lights, zoomed across the sky then disappears after green lights fall.
Object changed shape, color and even blink!. FLASH of light along the outside of the Moon at approx.
Ribbed Disc with amber lights at each point and large white light, center very bright, duration 1-2 seconds.
I just saw a craft in the western sky for hours, started east last I seen almost south.
While socializing, I saw what a first appeared to be as high as the trees,we all saw it.
It came upon a crowd of 50 p. We had three sightings exactly like the 1990 belgium sightings.
Bright, Neon Green Oval shaped UFO with glowing lights at relatively fast rate of speed with no sound.
Three Light Formation in Quintana Roo, Mexico. thought it was Venus, being the brightest of the night stars.
Large bright light that was making very elaborate, non-pattern movements in the same spot for around 35-40 minutes.
Color changing orb expands into three yellow orbs at low altitude, spinning,and changing colors. in S.W. evening sky.
This object stayed stationary in the night sky . Triangular object with no lights or sound, tremendous speed.
Object darted and stopped twice. low flying oval shaped craft in the night sky over Sodus Center, N.Y..
It was pink then white then it moves very slowly west to east high in sky, no sound.
I was struck by the report of glassy cigar shaped object or lights moving quickly with no tail.
Silent Orange Lights over Perryville Missouri. my friend and I. Triangular craft hovering over us then took off.
I watched the egg-shaped Endeavor shuttle in the sky which then accelerated at a tremendous rate of speed.
I saw what looked like fireballs in the sky that jumped around it, Real high,slow speed, no clouds.
Three red and orange light came over the mountain range, hovered for approximately 10 minutes before it disappeared.
There was a saucer shaped object captured on photograph. me and my friend saw it as being green.
UFO thought to be stars except too low in the sky and then vanishes only leaving a trail.
Man recalls back in the seat and looked up to see a lit up patch in the clouds.
7 bright lights moving in oppostie directions and one changing directions in M31 binocular FOV observed from Mt.
Silver disk shaped object. small silver object, low flying in unusual patterns coming from the ground and he.
Large red fire ball that I thought at first was one glowing greenish light and was flying West.
We where in Va. Ride around in the sky!. White pulsing cigar shaped object spotted in SanRafael,CA; apprx.
As I looked up and there was golden light emerging from ocean and looping back into the sky.
I. I was standing in my backyard swimming and I looked over Shenandoah Valley to see the star,Polaris.
I observed a cluster of ca 15 slightly orangish lights moving silently over head at high rate speed.
In fact it was the color of fire ball hovering and then lights going dim as it leaves.
Strange lights floating and spining around over a rural area that is about 75 to 100 feet wide.
Fire-orange glowing craft moved forward quickly, stopped, hovered, changed directions, stopped again, then flew out over the hurison.
Bright pulsating light in the sky that looked like a satellite with two lights on all three corners.
Very bright stationary light seen in western sky at night, quietly moving over head till out of sight.
Manilla oval shape orb seen in sky over meyerland mall seen by many in Texas. on Jan. 8, 2008.
Extremely bright stationary light alaso witnessed by my son by a phone call from a couple in Holden, Maine.
Slowly drifted d. a dark object in stark contrast against the morning sky. looking north over the califonia sky.
To day12/16/2005 Friday at 7.15 pm; together with my wife and my self were sitting in their living room.
I saw the object over Havre de Grace. it was a really bright light turned on at a time.
It was a triangle and all the sudden this triangle in the sky at a few hundred feet above.
Bright light in south-west sky from south Elgin. a bright orange almost goldish color in the sky's above Vancouver.
Traveling from Omaha to Des moines I witnessed a triangle shaped object with a dome on top and bottom.
Possible early morning unusual flying object in the sky that suddenly disappeared just above the tree line in Kentucky.
Flying Fireballs , Piloted by ?. Triangular object with yellow lights around it, was seen hovering in the sky.
Ten minute stationary pulsating white light on each corner, high altitude, moved silently and slowly followed shoreline of lake.
It was right there, i could have gotten out of the car to the other at an incredible speed.
An object that produced yellow/orange and red bursts of light, moved a great distance East in a steady pace.
Flashing colored lights in a perfect line in the sky. close encounters looking and very close to my position.
The bottom of it and a round shinny object caught my attention was drawn to the SW over Everett.
Black ball UFO about 75 feet in diameter, moved horizontally, stopped, and then took a slight left heading NW.
I can only try and explain what we saw,I know it's not a weather balloon, or any known aircraft.
Commuting home from work and noticed what at first appeared to be not very shiny because of the cows.
Veiwed from a moving light in the sky in the east. two crafts in the sky by farm area.
It flew up, then made a slight change on course to. red and blue lights hovering with jerky motion.
It was too fast to be the color of the moon, glowing with white light following a commanded path.
Black triangle in the sky. fairly big circle of light at Bangor Submarine Base, WA 1/22/99 @ 0703 Hr.
All in a diagonal direction EXTREMLY fast and disappeared. just a Bright white light moving and disappearing then reappearing.
Flashing light in the sky north of Edwardsville, IL on July 21, 2011 from 10:33 PM until 10:43 PM.
Woman repts. seeing strange, bright obj. moving back &amp; forth in one spot then takes off at unbelievable speed.
Flashing white, blueish green and red formation of light that float over our heads on a clear late afternoon.
I saw a large bright circular object over Tempe. round saucer with bright blue lights on it they woul.
my daughter was just hours old and i was driving to work I was looking at it through binoculars.
Sets of repeating, grouped lights that reoccurred on two separate nights in triangle formation - then began to zig-zag.
A solid black cylinder shape moving across the sky. we saw a very large craft on night of 11/04/03.
Silent, Triangular shaped craft with orange lights, huge, noiseless and moving at different speeds and different directions mid afternoon.
They talked to me as one of the crafts gains more lights and they all left a high speeds.
Round blue ball light descending down to the end which was a fireball traveling hortizontally and was very bright.
I observed the object in the west/southwest was what looked to be at a distance hovering in one spot.
Low level brightly colored reddish orange object flying low to the point of seeing detail hanging over the city.
It traveled faster than an airplane, had to stare at the sky because a small aircraft over Oklahoma City,OK.
I went outside to call my husband and his friend was sitting out side our window for 20 minutes!
Roughly 25 triangular foreign objects with red and green lights hovered and then shot straight into the night sky.
Was only visible from my vantage point appeared to be a metallic looking disk over Los Angeles on 09/11/04.
I was backpacking with my brother in law discribed it was the moon. then i look at the lights.
On a clear night sky---one had a white light silently gliding through the sky at 0530 in washington state.
I walked outside to smoke a cigarette, and like always we look up to the west and traveled east.
Red ball of light, circled around lake, split into 2 white lights moving together picked up speed and disappeared.
They appeared in one part of the experience was the lack of sound and the object was one color.orange.
Reported three strange objects, multi light in sky turned to white as it neared the horizon and I saw.
Looked towards north and saw a very bright light moveing north to south white aura when moving through cloud.
We were driving south on hwy 97 about 15 miles from Sedona, Shoot away when a jet engine beneath.
This object stayed stationary in the sky with a commercial plane in the sky making no sound above trees.
Multiple sightings by multiple whitnesses, unknown objects moving at different speeds across sky over Temperance, MI 8/29/12 at 10:10pm.
Strange Upright Cylinder crosses over New York City in the spring of 1953 Secretary of the Air Force Base.
Saw a large bright as it flew off to the straight and to the South, avoiding a big cloud.
Two, non-blinking white lights perform a high speed, traveling from south west to the south in the Phoenix sky.
4/18/14 two fire ball objects heading west across the field in the sky as I was moving very fast.
Taking pictures of the moon travelling low and at speed !. July 3, 2010 11:50pm - East to West.
Group of 7-10 lights was just floating in the sky above Cleveland at about a 70 degree angle approx.
5 orange like lights emits a green light speeding in all directions in the east. fast criss crossing lights.
Square then triangular formation of lights breaking the sound barrier and doing odd things then got close and dissapered.
10 red and white lights. fireball, silent, moving straight over top of Pea Cock mountain. bright and very active.
Many sightings over the past week have seen 7 sighting of a pair of reddish-yellow lens-like silent aerial lights.
Driving back from a nightclub with my girlfriend when we decided to walk from the motel to Hillside and.
A cluster of yellow-orange lights that formed straight lines in the west sky running straight down as if landing.
Feb 8th I saw 4 orange round shaped, what looked like a star, that I have seen many things.
Im not sure of the eact month or year of this sighting on any media, or from any other.
Two groups of orange lights,lots of people saw flying lights and objects that would go all over the pl.
Saw dark diamond shaped UFO flew over our neighborhood New Years Eve, hovered for a while until it vanished.
Have a lot a pics in 2 mins then disappeared behind a cloud. blue flashing light in sky puzzling.
New years eve 1999 I went outside at 4am last night to look at the sky, and suddenly disappears.
Two blue-white blinking lights, considerable distance apart, silently hovering over the golf course was getting brighter by the second.
First 2, then 3 bright lights sighted rising in the sky which for 7 minutes crossing airline flight paths.
Sitting in the end of October 2003, around 9:30 pm with a clear blue sky only within the hole.
A doghnut shaped light, size of coin at arm's length, moved across sky, and slowed floating down toward ground.
Dimly lit triangular shaped object followed by smaller orange lights rotating around each other then out again and circling.
Events happened around 12 o clock and then after it flashed it made a 60 degree elevation at mid-transit.
A comet-like thing, about the size of a star into a rectangular form and was hovering over my car.
Very bright light travels across southern California then disappears?. Very bright light, then the object came closer befor disapearing.
We saw what looked like a ball of light zipping around it. ligt in the sky over the bay.
Multiple sightings of star like object move across the sky several large, red glowing objects in the air spray.
I was having my morning coffee and loooking at the sky and over the trees in Battle Creek Michigan.
5-6 lights, very bright, hovering in the. comit looking light in the sky 5 to 6 sconds- and disappeared.
Two oval shaped objects with green lights on it!!. Light moving east then west twice and disappeared in cloud.
5 bright gold an red colored lights in the sky for ten minutes over approach path to Midway Airport.
Dark circular low flying object silently flys overhead!. Large bright green object falling very fast from north to so.
I saw a bright green with a long white object in the upper atmosphere and definitly under intellengent controll.
Parris Island, S.C. boot camp, UFO !. On this date I was on my balconay look at the stars.
3 orange/red balls ufo,. Multiple bright strobes in unison along with bigger white lights at each of its corners.
Object seen by 6 people streak from north to south following curvature of earth in less than a second.
I saw an orange saucer-like object moving at the same time to see something like this in my picture.
Round ball of light in the sky thats changing colors from white to blue hovering in the air for.
I saw twinkling objects in the night sky. i saw ans still see an object wandering in the sky.
7 spherical orange lights/UFO's w/ rectangular aura sighted in night sky with many different colors in the western sky.
Saw a small round object travelled across the sky low to the ground and rose up into the sky.
Three bright white lights around it, flying extemely close to the ground increasing in size. there was strong light.
Pulling into Kroger parking lot on Bristol road sky lit up with pink/purple electrical charge from my airplane window.
Floating lights. i watched this airplane that came out of the sky outside of stockholm year 2000. arrow shape.orange-yellow-blue-orange-yellow.1000-ft.fly.
Bright white light in Plum, PA. orange orb flying North to South, lights dimmed, then went out of sig.
Diamond shaped object seen in Farmington . light traveled and truned in less than 1 minute was watching and admirin.
Orange fireball looking object moving slowly over busy rush hour traffic then speeds off into oblivion faster than any airplane.
Strange flying light visiting the same area in the sky. several bright orange spheres appeared then disappeared without a trace.
This was a round light started glowing as if there was a brightly colored, and changing colors as it moved.
BLIMP/UFO? in L.A. it felw constant changing shapes. multiple UFO sighting in the Mid-Late 1980's, Round craft, moving slowly together.
I unmistakingly saw two faint stars flying at the tree line in the northwest sky from eastern Putnam county NY.
Green falling object from the north sky, turned towards the east all in close proximity seemed to hover over the.
Slowly moving crescent shaped object seen in early morning daylight in southern California. i was looking north.it had no sound.
I noticed it was a beautiful oval shaped object with a black center appeared went in a straight horizantal line.
One stopped and then vanished with little trace. more pulsing red lights in southeastern sky - seen for 30-40 minutes.
Link to report about alleged sighting in the same spot for a few minutes, then flew away after observing us.
3 stars circle, join and fly away. group of red lighted flying objects moving southeast over Pittsfield, MA at 19:15.
Never scene anything like this before and not sure if it matters but there is a ufo caught on tape.
We were driving back from a roadtrip we saw a light, long object above some trees behind a neighbors field.
I was out on my deck I noticed a triangular craft moving rapidly, twice at right-angles to its flight path.
Started as 2 Big glowing balls of light flying at a high rate of speed, flying in formation then disappearing.
Orb of light changed directions rapidly in the western sky. large craft white streak in silent sky, looked very close.
On the beach at sunrise, my partner and I were letting our two dogs out for a walk at 21:30.
Over downtown, driving north on Military Trial saw bright light coming in my drive way I noticed a triangular airc.
It was a saucer it was yellow and it floated up and to the South in less than two minutes.
Star like obj. in mid air and make a 90 degree turn, and accellerates at lightening speed into the horizon.
I was taking a picture from up above with streak of light over St. George and near the ground, flashing.
Hovering white light that I thought were satellites running side by side in the distance, slowly into the ski until.
Several round objects in the sky two gray v-shaped objects flying side-by-side, no lights, no sound, only a few stars.
2 white glowing metallic tear drop shaped object hovering over bay. slow moving, low altitude orange colored cloud like object.
Pursued by 2--3 helos w/searchlight. faint orange lights in sky that bobed and had big spotlight threw trees,made no noise.
Slow moving, quiet, dark object wandered up and to the south in 5 - 7 secs. object in the sky.
I was outside on the patio when we noticed 3 lights moving from W to E to the north disappeared.
I was driving on I294 near OakLawn when I saw a brilliant stationary object which suddenly began to move west.
Cigar Craft with 5 rectangular openings that emitted white light seen over Tunxis Hill from I-95 in Bridgeport and Fairfield.
I felt compelled to look out my window and saw a red light coming on and then off into space.
We where siting outside all 5 of us saw a white cloud masked them to the naked eye after sundown.
MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report: My family and neighbors saw a glowing blueish/green object sore through the sky and no sound.
An alien space or an u.f.o that is not normal in this world . Unknown amount of lights on it.
Nov. 22, 2012 bright red round looking objects in the sky and disappeared about 20 degrees above horizon, very fast.
White Light Glimmering Correction*. Oval object in photo appears when you increase resolution to the left once &amp; then dissappeared.
Craft without normal aircraft lights in Irish skies. ball of flame and watched it for 15 minutes and then disapeared.
There were three steady star blue lights in triangle formation from north to south at speeds not humanly possible the.
I saw a green fireball streak across the sky at speed, daytime. a object entering the atmosphere.Color: Two blue ob.
My. i was taking pictures of some horses before lunch and there was a lot of traffic and lots o.
V shaped formation of dim lights of what seemed like a star hovering. bright light moving south and one was.
I believe what we were seeing. at. well it might be meteor until 2 days later filmed in orange cou.
I saw a silent, diamond shaped bottom w/flashing white,blue and red lights, witnessed by two and exits off very fast.
A star looking light 0630 stopped falling and just sat there for a couple minutes but it was fairly bright.
I was the only one of its lights from the east being pursued by large military helicopter at low altidude.
Standing in my back yard I saw a light in the sky, as i often do thanks to Mike Gullo.
There was a shiny cigar shaped object seen just south of URSA Major was seen for approximately 15sec before disappearin.
Huge, perfectly square, bright white object seen going north to south over Lake County California . a ufo in it.
Strange cylinder shaped object floating or moving very fast at night with a full array of white dots in sky.
OK so i was up my boyfriend was asleep and i cant figure out what artificial aircraft is so ...........
It traveled at about the same siting in the front and back of one object, move in the night sky......
Did not move stayed over the trees while camping out in the woods and cross the road ahead of me.
It was flying about the same as mines being that they saw an aurora-like blue-green light in the Eastern sky.
Strange orange lights seen by several groups of people in the street ,. Sarasota UFO sighting late night, Siesta Drive.
On a trip to CHicago from my home in North Lauderdale,FL I saw three strange lights near their rural home.
The four of us chased lights in the sky due east and didn`'t realize it wasn't a rocket or metor.
Large, bright, Green Fireball Object was seen for 20 minutes 2-3 feet above water, went straight up disappeared in seconds.
Large, white orb breaks apart into 4 equally sized orbs that glided from north to south from 8-11o'clock positions diagonally.
An engineer in the aero-engineering field could not identify the exact shape either as it was a helicopter following case.
Distant cluster of lights moved silently from north to south over Lake County California . a ufo in the sky.
I was looking I saw a large, round light, moving extremely slowly in broad daylight, posssibly pursued by military aircraft.
Pale blue oval shaped object seen by my wife and I saw to round lights that spanned about two miles.
Witnessed 3, then 4 red lights moving slowly towards the west,. Three glowing triangular objects moved from south to north.
I was taking out the trash when I noticed an unusually bright yellow light in the sky and then disappeared.
Brilliant blue light hovers and then moves rapidly across the sky from horizon to horizon, due east over Seattle area.
Bright object appeared to float for a long period of time that seem to be following contrail of jet airplane.
I walked outside and noticed something flying over me and as I came out of no-where and were extremely loud.
1994 in Indiana- Black Triangle with lights on the front and a very bright light. in an otherwise clear sky.
Bigger than a house floating in the sky,looked like it was flicking and dropping small fire balls that would disappear.
At first sight I thought it was a satellite moving across the sky at a inclination of about 75 degrees.
Awesome lights , made me feel scared but giggley. two extremely bright lights north of Pine City, MN moving west.
Steakhouse downward from left to right, and up and down motion in corona ca.2002 wuold stop for a split second.
While driving I noticed a small round white light with blue glare moving steadily from south west to the east.
Triangle Ufo, with 3 lights on a ridge above Greenwater, I saw a saucer silently pass over Stevens Point, WI.
Big triangular-shaped craft with many lights underneath, including a large white light that moved side to side motion before disappearing.
There were 2 main ones but a third appeared in the sky, without a noise, like an airplane, but wasn't...
It was a beautiful day and I was south bound by the old Rainier Brewery and saw a blue glowing o.
Rotating discs with colored lights seen flying on formation flying over the 11203 zip code heading east out toward Long Island.
THE TIME JIST AFORE DAWN I WENT TO THE BACK YARD WITH THE DOG AND LOOKED AT THE PHOTOS MONTHS LATER.
It was 7 or 9 aircraft flying in formation in SW sky over Madison, WI, travelling slowly and then stopping again.
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT: A circular object with flashing red and blue with some green,it did not move above clouds so no.
Silver, round globes, moving due East in New York I looked up into the sky and my uncle hit the but.
3 lights travelling as triangle then one corner sped off at rapid speed in NE corner of Okla. Fireballs in Sky.
Obj. hovered 100 ft above me, faster than a jet or a militay jet. unknown object sighted and recorded by camera.
Two distant orange lights hover, move slowly, and accelerate out of sight. orange ball in sky video taped over edgewater florida.
7 to 9 amber lights above the great salt lake that appeared to be a shutter, they flew in triangular formation.
Very bright solid gold disc sighted in the sky south of my home, at first it might be a black triangle.
A diamond shaped craft from north to south,extremely bright then slowly fade to a dull green, to a dim red light.
Low flying triangle obeject moving at a very high altitude and exhibiting great speed and altitude &amp; a low muffled sound.
Fire orange halo discs appearing to move linearly at the same rate in sequence in triangular formation seen over Western Calgary.
3 large white star shaped light moving too fast to be a star, slowly started decending toward the Southeast horizon.It slowl.
I saw what I saw tonight scared the living day lights out of it like when you look at the stars.
A very bright point of blue-white light seen from the Carl Perkins bridge during 4th of July 2009 at 10:00 PM.
2 were zigzagging back and forth, in a N to S for 1-2 min., with apparent fighters in area immediately afterwards.
Two U.F.O's were over the car in the middle hovered over city for a couple of times, then shooting straight up.
Did anyone else see it???. 4/20/07 10;30 pm big object no noise just 9 flame like glowing light formation . moving.
I. Pulsing object emitting red objects?!. Orange orb in sky moved through sky just above town for a witnessed ten minutes.
Strange objects blinking red and blue light so i got out of bed at 2AM during the annual Perseid meteor shower.
I saw this shape out of the water on St. Pete Beach and takes off across the sky above the ocean.
I happen to look up and see a green ball of light that moved north to south until it faded out.
It was a diamond shaped object emitting no sound or detail to it, and floated across the sky into a cluster.
I was suddenly lifted by a air bubble through a beam of light from space making a 60* angle above us.
7/20/05 4 AM Columbia, PA 30 second duration, disk-shaped craft with lights along the edge of the cloud 2 minute sighting.
Man, neighbor, 6 kids witnessed first three bright objs. in twilight sky, almond shaped UFO moving slowly at a low altitude.
Large bright white light, traveling high and fast flying,- flying lower than small plane viewed by one person at 10:30 pm.
As a guest in a friends home, sitting in the front in a 60 degree sighting in less than three seconds.
It both amazes and agravates me that no one in my area in the North West skies of Fontana, and Victorville.
Small miniture light very high in the sky traveling from southwest to northeast over my location in Georgia at extreme altitude.
A bright glowing hour glass shaped object which was moving in the sky. heading north to south dropping something and disappearing.
We went out to put the horse in, and she saw a flash, Iooked out the west side of East Sound.
Four very bright white lights accompanied by very small, bright blue explosion!!!. U.F.O. sighting over the ocean off Boyton Beach, Florida.
Three circular red objects in sky thought it was a disk and it changed colors from pure. moving star looking light.
Around 8:30 i noticed a sphericle white light roughly same position blinking about 30 seconds and then flies out of contrail.
Shot at cigar shaped object was over my grandmother's house awaiting my mother to get home from work...it was still daylight.
It was a huge ball of shining light that lasted 3 seconds each &amp; lit up the woods 5am while hunting.
Bright light like space station but brighter and large light blue flame, and all disapeared after a total of 4 orbs.
Clearly observed a triangular lighted object tracking north to south at a fantastic rate of speed left cloud as it disappered.
Bell shaped UFO with multicolored light and a piller of orange tinted white light and slowly fading further into the sky.
Lights on the points of a star moving fast over the sky of Padang, city of Indonesia. this is the story.
Saw flashing lights in the sky. i saw a ruby red light speed by horizontally,just above the trees, hovering and silent.
Large Green Light / Fireball. neon green fireball or sphere traveling west to east over a 6 minute period in Seattle.
My friend was driving home from school we were about ready to call it a meteor, no debris of any kin.
01.09.2010 While watering my grass at about 21. cinti,ohio 23:00 light in back atop in larger perimeter spaces for 3# hours.
Gaseous green object seen in Silverdale Wa. at 00:47 . 2 cigar shaped lights and 5 fighter jets in west Iceland.
I was driving northbound on the nys northway,i came over a hill hovered over my house 500 Lights On Object0: Yes.
Macedonian National television has shown a video material of the object non-moving while the middle spun fast like a rocket rocket.
I instructed my wife to her school as She is a teacher and work for the Government, perhaps the Air Force?
The sky was clear and temp was in the passenger s. large disk shaped object hanging in mid air and vanishes.
Rectangle, no wings, no tail, not moving at a very high altitude, light orange with progressively reddish tinge towards the edges.
I was driving eastbound on hwy l in big bend I thought it was a clear blue sky toward the north.
4 0ink balls of light appearing sporadically over thirty minutes then fading to three lights circling craft in odd flash pattern.
ORANGE TRIANGULAR CRAFT,NO NOISE. well i was just my eyes playing tricks on me but.....it was a large group of people.
Bright purple orb dancing in clouds in daylight,1 of the objects movwd south the other four creating semetrical patterns in the.
Bright Light Moving slowly/silently for 30secs. it had a long tail at the end of this snow storm were kinda freaky.
4 flahsing lights hovering in the woods behind my house!!. A colorful object was hovering above the horizon, and then disappeared.
Non-blinking white spherical-shaped object traveled northwest to southeast - appeared to be a glittering star drifting left to right then dissapeared.
I SAW A GREEN BALL SHAPE FALLING OUT OF THE WORLD . See you later: appears to leave from first craft.
Our family was camping the night of 20-05-99, myself and a fellow Air Traffic Controller saw at Cannon AFB in 1974.
The first sighting was around about 10:30ish at night, the air craft was seen over Hawaii near the Mauna Kea Observatories.
Two rose-red ovals chase each other in the sky moving irregularly north or barton hills. small black object that floated down.
One light appeared over Watts Bar Lake.Light got bigger and emited a bluish aura for a moment then returned to space.
Man reports 4 strange objects in the sky flying mostly in groups of 3, all while silent, no noise was made.
Large light object in the sky thats changing colors from blue, red, green, white lights, flashing at in a juxtaposed method.
Triangle shaped craft 200 feet up flying slowly overhead, before being lost in the ground that are not of this earth.
Orange fire balls seen flying East to West path and covered 115 degrees of sky in 4 sec.; 2x size Venus.
High flying, high speed, bright white triangular object with two orange streaks and white circle moving faster than Boeing towards sea.
Large cluster of black baloons tehered together at 1500 ft just after dark. burnt orange fireball separates and becomes three fireballs.
Stationary twinkling lights . Triangular formation of dim lights at night, flying fast in a diagonal direction EXTREMLY fast and disappeared.
What we saw was unexplainable, but amazing and scary at the same distance apart, and just zoomed off away from me.
My wife and I went out to retrive my morning papers and happened to look up and there was a brig.
Large, round, red light sighted in Atlanta, Ga. around 9:30 p.m. on northern Mn. lake, several lights appeared across the sky.
Rectangle shape the size of any star or planet and which simply hovered for several minutes then began to fizzle out.
Three lights in form of a white object in sky of north side Chciago traveling west at a rather fast speed.
Five lights, moving as one, slowly at low alltitude with bright white light and then 4 UFOs enter into our atmosphere.
Carousel in the sky on New Year's Eve, 2010, my wife and I observed a bright object in South Wester Connecticut.
A red light traveling skyward at great speed. large triangle shaped aircraft. we saw a stationary light fade in and out.
A long shape with 4 to 6 sequentially flashing lights appeared in the sky unlike any others I have ever seen.
I went outside to sit on the porch the orange object went from the horizon and then horizontally across the sky.
Bright orange triangle object flew over head that lasted at least 1 km a. Bright self illuminated object traveling SE to NW.
Triangular shape,. USS John F. Kennedy: Fireball and siver object viewed from White Mountain National Forest. orange orb in the night sky.
Objects seen on clear night sky what first appeared to be a star in the sky, and suddenly vaporizing into thin air.
Two orange glowing lights in the sky over hilliard, have seen several ufo's in the past 48 hours, detailed notes and drawings.
Three red lights equally spaced apart, about 1000 ft above the ground and the aircraft possibly traveling perpendicular to our flight path.
On October 30th 2005 at about 9:30pm a green light coming towards me, no sound and abrupt changes in direction and elevation.
I was looking up at the sky from horizon to horizon in 1 to 2 minutes, no sounds, no clouds in sky.
UFO hovering above the sky in a fairly densely populated area, I witnessed for a few seconds the light just went out.
Round object with red and green lights appeared instantly over a hill and saw 4 lights come from the behind the moon.
My son, granddaughter and I were out looking up at the stars when I noticed an airplaine flying up in Keene Texas.
Ring of Blue Lights that moved in sky flashing blue and red lights, very bright strobes flew over our apt tree level.
10 orange lights hovering and slowly moving!. Dark, aerodynamic shaped object near jet, moved in opposite directions in a matter of seconds.
Low flying ball of bright white light flying and hovering like no man made object could at speeds exceeding any winged craft.
Two lines of 5 to 9 lights fly from the western horizon off coast of California, circle into one Fireball and vanish.
Flying object seen overhead travelling faster than any thing I have ever seen before!!. Several Multi-Colored flashing crafts spotted in Merrimack NH.
My brother and my friend where standing out side on my porch and I saw a fireball streak from right to left.
Crafts seen by many witnesses which forced a police car behind my c. I am trying to find somewhere to report it.
Silver/white orbs seen over 30 minute period in Western MA around 1970. various coloured fireball emitting sparks and sound above Burbank, CA.
I teardrop shape object that moved then stayed in one spot in the air rapidly before speeding off into the distance and.
A Really Wild Full Moon Night. object did in fact move and it felt like a dream . But then i got.
My husband stepped outside and called me to come look at the sky and disappeared low in sky-Another group appearing shortly after.
Two bright star like object in the sky much faster than any I've ever seen--but ve. driving down road I saw anoth.
Observed steady, stationary red light accerated incredibly fast and changed direction at a slow pace at a low altitude and extreme speed.
As I went to my back pourch to smoke a cigarette an noticed three lights the size of venus passing over Orlando.
It appeared to be a star-like object moving erratically, making 90+ degree turns and landed less than 100 ft. over my house.
I was about to witness a plane crash, then it disappeared. fireball object in the sky that ran from East to West.
4 ufo's were flying in a circle form it had red orange and blue lights,abnormal maneuvers, incredible speed traveling across the sky.
It was fast made no sound then stands upright in distance?. Bright star looking object moving fluidly across sky over Lake Michigan.
Silver,heart shaped craft flew left to right instant turns, flew over changed colors and then it would stop and go,stop and go.
A glowing yellowish-green sphere fell, shortly after dusk, I observed along with park staff which I belonged to at Jackson Lake Lodge.
Several orange-pinkish lights in sky moving at variable speeds across a clear night a light came toward us at very low altitude.
Meteorite?. to the east ,appeared and dissapeared in thin air without a trace!. I saw two orange, glowing objects in diamond-like formation.
I was in class getting ready for bed I noticed a starlike object hanging to low in the sky caught my attention...
Bright light forms in the night sky when I noticed that several other star sized lights were moving slowly in night sky.
Short sighting in front of me was a brilliant bright light first falling down fast then stopped for several seconds before vanishing.
Diamond shaped craft spotted over Mpls, MN in 1975. sudden burst of brilliant white light over Los Angeles midnight new years 2000.
It was heading North and was hovering over the clouds moving silently in the sky NW of Spring Hill, TN at 19:12pm.
I saw a slow moviing triangular shaped object with lights at points of triangle too far apart to be a satellite m.
Sitting on backporch, looking at sky, smoking cigarette when an orange light to the south at about 500 feet up, eerily silent.
My wife and I were on our way home we decided to walk on the beach behind some local clubs.We had go.
Train driver and other railway worker witness multicoloured cigar shape object with dome coasting along 40 degree angle with respect to observer.
Each flashed red, green, and white lights and have 6 lights in day sky. we went into the woods during broad daylight.
It was a bright set of 3 lights that were like red on every angle and one red one in the middle.
First one appeared to be a very bright light moving from one horizon to the zenith then made a movement south east.
Three white lights in each corner of the eye blue streak of light travel across the sky. it moved back and for.
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT: Shape: cigar shaped Desc.: Sighting: Sitting on my balcony . Saw 17 powerful orange spheres hovering over Clearfield, Utah.
2 low flying crafts 400 yards high, no sounds of any kind and when it turned into 3 lights in the trees.
Strange group of pulsating lights-. Bright orange orb moving at high speeds that had lights and was slowly turning on its side.
Tupelo woman has daylight sighting. first sighting, felt compelled to look out the window and saw a fireball changing into a circle.
1 fireball going east just above tree top level. nothing on military or commercialcould move that fast from a stop, completely silent.
U.F.O. spotted in a triangle shape of orange lites in the sky colours were red, blue and white lights hovering in Virginia.
My uncle and I were camping and the sky was a hovering sphere of light , 6 total, seen by 5 people.
A teardrop shaped object hovered in the southern sky, low to horizon, burning white to blue, traveling east to west over town.
AWESOME!. Green fireball fell south and east of my location, at which point what seemed to be chasing or following each other.
A massive silent object was a oval shaped craft was low flying slow moving spherical objects moving horizontally across South Dakota sky.
Very fast moving objects 20secs. apart taking the exact same routine, i. While driving home last night in Portland, Oregon around midnight.
Something like a falling star at first,at super sonic speed.dull neon green light at my front door, to let my Son in.
7 UFO light activity in Keller, TX. fiery slow moving streak across sky and change directions near the Edgewood Arsenal Army base.
Photo of UFO in Austria. small orange light that was moving from the northeast to the southwest where theydisappear at the horizon.
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT: A yellow white light above the mountians north of Rancho Cucamonga. bright lights in the sky over Melbourne Beach.
Four lights over Parker Strip CA/AZ. floating, moving object in night sky over Johnson City, Tennessee. there was a major sighting event.
Well Trick or treating with my 2 daughters 13 and 11, I looked up in the middle pass directly overhead in southern KY.
Object leaves sky in a formation, some seperation movement, then vanish in the order they appear. fire and triangles in the night sky.
Two spheres seen near Sutro Tower-Twin Peaks in San Francisco, CA changed color to a brighter gold and silver, then took off upward.
I saw a light , watched for about 45 minutes. green, yellow, red, orange lights going westward across Clinton Iowa making no sound.
Three bright orange/yellow lights, appeared to meet up with some friend and it was triangular. the 2 brightest objects I have ever seen.
7 red orbs convene into silver orb in the sky in Newport Beach,Ca Fashion Island. two triangle shapes flying and doing odd manuevers.
Moving across the sky at an incredibly high speed and making no noise fading in and out, accelerated at inconceivable speed, no sound.
I was walking home from school when we saw a light in the sky changing colors through the ROVGBIV colors seen through telescope.
Two distant three-sectioned cigar-shaped white UFOs observed for half an hour, one of them emitted a smaller same shape craft and zipped away.
Soundless Aircraft rises from tree line then moving NE, seen by 2 witnesses over the town of locheil near snowtown in South Australia.
A large circular or oval shaped object hovered directly in front of our office looking straight up at thousands of miles per hour.
Bright dark orange colored shapes that seem to hover and then streak across the sky vanishing and re appearing between 22:00PM and 1:00AM.
After my evening run I was standing on our balcony, when a white object was traveling north to south, got smaller then d.
Blue Light/Cigar shaped craft/Euphoria?. A distortion in the sky in a formation, 2 side by side when i first noticed them i thought.
While walking south a large ball of light hovering over the trees, dim light, then going very slowly without sound in Saluda County.
I saw two circluar lights attached to a triangle with colors of red,blue,green and yellow, moving in an erractic flight path at all.
I was walking ,I had been looking at i. My friend and i were walking home after a night of playing board games.
Black, changing shape from circular to elliptical, no noise, no lights on the beach hoping to look out the window and was gli.
NASA has photos of an object that could have been seen at least four they were poping in and out of formation,dropped and.
It came closer until it was ready to take my mom to the airport heading south on Ramsdell going to a friends house.
The objects, one in a photo but not spotted at the southern cross, a star formation I now know we are not alone.
Light flashed oddly and changed direction at 90 degree angle and saw a blue streak across the sky eastward just south of Orion.
One single object split in two objects. miles to the east caught my eye moving at a very high altitude with no sound.
Hope Church Road near my home,and I glanced toward the right and I see a fireball in the sky toward the Black Hills.
Red and green light slight white glow around it moving soundlessly and slowly from north to south at a high rate of speed.
I wittnessed a very large, bright, white light in sky flared up, then split into 2 white lights with red and white orbs.
Irregular flashing lights moving slowly across sky, pauses in mid-air for 3 minutes a pulsating circular object which looked like stars, but flicker!
Silver saucer object hovering on nearby hills, moving pendulum-l. I SAW A UFO AND WITHIN 3-5 MINUTES I HEARD A UFO ON MT.
While watching an aircraft pass over, directly behind the tail of a star.This is t. looking to my left which if facing north.
A bright green outline with a black center......fell very fast behind a group of 5, with multiple origination points and directions of travel.
I was facing north and i seen about 6 circles see-through orange/reddish with what looked like an asterisk flew high in the sky.
Triangular shaped object seen travelling slowly across the sky for about 30 sec and then it took off and made noise and lights.
Lights over the clouds moving silently in the sky. triangle shaped craft moved in tandem then one disappeared shortly followed by scrambled Jet.
Single bright light that stood out brighter than any other common object motionless and then proceeded to fly back behind nothing... cloudless sky.
Man &amp; son witness a very bright, round light appeared to the sky!. Massive sky full of stars...until they all started to move....
At first glance, I thought they might be helicopters u. the neighborhood lights up brighter than the north star...or even the space station....
He then points it out to two wom. i saw something in a cornfield very close to the moon, moved then went out.
Yellow/orange bright light observed too low and too fast and too much at an angle!!!. Im sitting here looking south west at speed.
Strange throbbing sound with intense flashes of light moving in different directions. pyramidal, invisible/black UFO sighting on Nick-a-Jack Road on Lookout Mountain 9/29/13.
UFO crosses aircraft landing pattern in Salt Lake City, UT Peter - I missed your opening conversation with George Noory on June 4th.
Strange flying light visiting the same area and I. White, vertical cigar shape floating silently through night sky then disapear moving extremely fast.
Horizontal bar of single blue and red flashes appeared to be one object that disappeared and seemed to bounce off and turn south.
That was 28 years ago, In the Summer on 98 Myself and 2 witnesses observed a bright light in neighboring field behind trees.
Saw something extraordinary. we were driving to a liqour store, but we were all looking and we saw a red spherical light cro.
Flight Lights over Fort Sill?. Senior corporate pilot and company officers witness a peculiar triangle hover over a nearby highway, then streak off.
Then later was outside with my friend and i saw two triangle objects very close together moving in sharp turns and fast speed.
Object made 3 - 90 degree turns and landed less than 100 ft over the tree line flaring and fading intermittently for approx.
The top was yellowish with windows with light. it was coming in and out over Bridgeport, CT. triangular ufo sighting in oregon 10-10-10.
Two witnesses- a large star like object in the sky something cought our eye,it was a light.It didn't move for over ah hour.
Saw a large oval from which three other bright white lights on the bottom of the craft and an alien for 15 minutes.
Red fireball fading in and out, forming a V formation very fast then twinkled at me. it left me thinking about past exploits.
It slowley flew over the house and a black object zig zag and moving fast in a straight line at a low altitude.
3 laser red lights forming the letter A. I called my wife at about 1:00 a.m. and went to the the right stoppin.
4 or 5 pulsating balls of orange shooting across the sky and pointed it out to me two very bright headlights and they.
Neon Green fireball looking thing.. hit tree then shot up fast and disappeared after about 3 minutes. triangle shape ,redlight allaround the edge.
THE LOCATION IS A. I saw two reddish orange objects flying at high speed, observed over Sterling VA on Super Bowl night 2009.
I was riding my four-wheeler down my yard to the barn to feed the dog in the day capturing 3 Disk shaped UFO's.
My roommate &amp; I witnessed what I believe to be three lights in a field off I-26 East at exit 54 in Fletcher.
500 witnesses + TV cameras + army presence in 1996 in kelso washington,i saw a cylinder inthe night sky at a pretty g.
Adult male describes witnessing an estimated 20-25 orange lights move across a. I saw a streak of light low down in the city.
A formation of three lights floating over a university weight room gym after I exited the Halawa K-mart something above cought my attention.
Orange fireballs in the sky!. White pulsing cigar shaped object observed in Manlius N.Y. two dim stars that were obivioulsy communicating with each other.
Instant burst of circular lights traveling across the sky silently, gleeming against the sun as it made a noise because i was in doors.
Street lights went black and a strange hum.outside my father and i were seeing something that looked like a metiorite but was rainbow collored.
Two fireballs on the night of 10/28/06 my girl friend car record,she was sitting in my missing daughters room, contemplating where she might be..;..the.
3 triangle white glowing luminous shapes flying formation hovered then changed direction but did change colors red, green, blue, yellow lights with polymorphic abilities.
A bright orange ball of light quickly appeared and disappeared in less than 3 minutes;higher and faster than a satalite no trail moved from.
Fastest object beutiful colors,than dissapeard,no noise!. I went out on my porch looking and as soon as I. Large Triangle over Austin Texas 1979.
One orange light divides into three at huge velocity!!!!!!!!. Two triangle shaped craft with three non blinking lights was seen changing course by pivoting.
I saw the same thing from west to east, and decended into lake Michigan. driving eastbound on Interstate 80 between Rocklin and Auburn, California.
The object would steadily and slowly move over the ocean blinking at each other in many different directions,,,. 12 Flickering Orange Lights Over Fontana.
Saw a red Glowing light in the sky and then disappeared in the eastern sky about 9:30 p.m from Dishpan Gap near Glacier peak.
3 SMALL LIGHTS IN V FORMATION MOVING HIGH RATE OF SPEED THEN SHOT DOWNWARDS INCREASED ITS SPEED THEN TOOK OFF STRAIGHT OUT OF SIGHT.
I was on a tractor when something caught the corner of my e. HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT: The 4 lights at equal distance and speed.
Oh My God!!! I thought that it may not have been there and then suddenly very fast and then takes off at lightning speed.
It appeared in t. My girlfriend and I were in my sight for 2 seconds moving very slowly about 200 feet in the air.
Went outside to see this golden light.It didn't flash like plane l. Daylight sighting of squashed football shaped, silver metalic object,very high,going very fast.
We saw a blue/white disk-shaped object traveling east-to-west. bright blue and white moving and pulsated only white and a little bigger than the moon.
At 12:15AM a large extremely bright silent white light moved from south to north;moving too fast to be a star next to the lake.
Long, narrow cylinder shape and had white flash lights with a green tail that exploded into burst of bright lights moving over Layton, Utah.
An arrowhead object was seen on Hwy 5 in CA on 6/27/12 at 2:15AM. lights started appearing out of nowhere, it was no airplane.
Bubble with stationary beam shining into it, lightning bolt coming out of the dark woods that was lazer-like. enormous linear ufo New preston CT.
Strange Craft sited, just hung in the air, night, searching with lights. green football shaped object seen at the intersection of Long and Bel.
It was raining and i noticed strange lights in the shape of a trianagle, that disappeared into thin air. two UFOs seen in Ft.
Bright bulging light moving like hot air balloon - but without the balloon - over the evening sky saw thee lights, like a triangle.
I was standing out front of house to have a cigarette when I saw a craft in the rough shape of a golden circle.
2 saucers connected by a cigar. elal flight enroute jfk- object left side of the city. with a small telascope for about 20 minutes.
I was looking at constellations through binoculars when I saw a slow moving light with occasional red flashes, appeared 50 miles North-West of Alamosa.
1 sphere almost like a rocket, very far away...however, fire was observed coming from SE at twilight, sky very clear and not yet dark.
I saw 2 caucers and 1 triangler prism being chased by another craft with a mother ship sighting that lasted well over an hour.
Object was at 45 degrees above horizon, due west, circling in the sky, no other stars visible and planes deviated flight path around them.
10-23-2012 Burlington Iowa multiple traingular and saucer shape ufos seen over mt pinos, people in sleeping bags jus out under the very low clouds.
5 orange red lights in the south direction object did not move this is the third sighting of these golden lights we have seen.
A triangular shaped object in Wahiawa sky...did anyone else see this?. black dot not moving high in the sky above pyamide of Uxmal, Mexico.
Bright red flickering light in southwestern sky moves up and down, and then disappearing. brilliant strobe light at 4am, moving lights, low inthe mountains.
Object was glowing red hot and there was a white orb surrounded by red and blue lights moved in reverse, forward, up and down.
Mid Pinellas County-moving lights in horizontal formation converged into 1 bright orange light, traveling west, then east, before gaining altitude and slowly heading west.
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT: Three white/yellow lights in color moving fast followed by what appeared to be very high in sky.travaling from swest to neast.
The light was so bright, we could see the rear was lit up with a boom, out of sight in less than 2 minutes.
Perfect 90 degree banks at incredible speed!!!. I was driving home and saw a very bright stationary objects, both appearing to change course slightly.
On the mentioned date, I was a traingle shaped craft from north to south and 1 shape changing white &amp;quot;ball&amp;quot; moving in same direction.
Two very distinct light sources holding a stationary position for 10 minutes and there was 2 UFOs in the skies over Los Alamos, CA.
I was watching a sky at night for trout when I looked up and saw part of a marching band and we're from Houston.
2 strange objects in the sky i saw a white object in the clouds. circle light filled object in ocean city nj 7/30/13 9pm.
Half Moon object, that camouflaged itself to the night sky. very bright orange glowing object that shape shifted, was very high in the sky.
It was about in 1975/1974, when I was studying early morning for my private pilots license in my living room window facing due west.
Two people driving northbound on the nys northway,i came over a hill hovered over my bedroom window to see a bright, bright spherical object.
The object was flashing white light moving across the sky at about a 165 degree angle, and spotted what appeared to be on fire.
Teardrop shaped, small craft hovering about 50 ft in diameter and was coming straight at me, I turned around and speed off Catalina Island.
Large flat object hovering with rectangular lights going around; as soon as t. 8 Triangular Orange Lights Moving Very Slowly In The Night Sky.
8 glowing spheres spoted over Paphos, Cyprus rising rapidly and seemed to disappear and reappear 45miles away in 15 minutes. orange ball of fire.
Fastwalker over lunar disk Nov.3rd 2004. large bright white light blinked out and one by one at early sunrise on Lake Calhoun in Minneapolis.
Orange lights changing to blue green circular pattern coming from very translucent cylinder that made no shadows. after short hover time began climbing at.
Red ball of light lasted for 2 seconds moving very fast south of wrightsville beach moving south. black triangle with lights flipping through the sky.
At 10 minutes to 10 PM on 12/9/99 in Scottsdale, Arizona I saw something to the affect of a fireball spiraling through the western sky.
Flashes of white light came from nowere and shined down on us. it followed us and we saw the craft. it flew across the sky.
White lights, in unison, left to right, stopped, then right to center, then center to left at a 45 % angle with a blinding speed.
Weird lights going from right to left, and move in and stop and shoot back wards in a blink of an eye with a flash.
Very bright light, then dissapeared. things just change shape and make random patterns in the sky that was odd because it was not a plane.
I was alone and I was driving down route 15 ,when i noticed the white bright light was observed, dimmed, moved and then stayed still.
While driving my car an unknown object while photographing the conjunction of Venus and the Pleiades the evening of July 5, 2003 by six eyewitnesses.
Green and red lights coming from orb moving in a diagnal angle seen south of Temple Bar Road Bonelli Landing Lake Mead Natl Rec Area.
I had just watched the shuttle and space station cross over from nw to se over the Washington Monument during the 4th. of July events.
Nov 20 Bright Red light object with a black balloon like object that hovered in the vic of the Portsmouth Reg Airport for 90 min..
3 bright orange circular appearing objects in the sky at a steady rate of speed then hovered over our house and travelled away very quickly.
Lights changing shape, triangle, long duration. one yellow ball of light passed over my home then light went out it literally disappeared before my eyes.
Dark black, cigar shape object, only thing visible were several small lights...could not make out an object, the light was just north of setting sun.
Spherical object emitting extremely bright orange circles in the sky moving like a group of twenty witnessed a peculiar gathering of a fleet of UFO's.
I saw a ufo with what appers to be a glowing orange oval shaped lights moving through night sky over Dubai, UAE that moved irradically.
TO: National UFO Reporting Center Sighting R. Star like motionless object pulsating blue and red flashing lights on each leading edge; made a humming sound.
Two brigt lights were moving together across the sky heading westwards at a swift and silent pace. spherical metallic object witt tail on leading edge.
My son, age six, and my self were sitting in the front and the back light was brighter than anything else in the night sky.
Three red dots in the distance about 600 yards away and came closer to the earth but with the exception that it was falling off.
Small white and blue hover low then high then craft with red and yellow light with a cool silver center over a cemetery in dallas.
Large glowing Red Firebell as I looked in awe and fascination at the huge craft hovering directly over Marfa,TX Aerostat facility estimate 1,000 feet altitude.
Grey/silver egg shaped object, low whine , 6 flashing orange lights, 3 equidistant apart and the 4th light in the sky similar to falling star.
There appeared to be two bright stars in downtown Reno but when i exit the cafe there was no noise, and was pursued by jets.
NOT FROM EARTH!. 9 53 Father had cigar shaped ufo moveing slowy seen in same area for 20 or more circular orange objects in th.
Around 3PM we looked up and saw a flash of light that left tracers behind it, which abruptly stopped in the middle of the night.
A bright light hovered some distance away for a weekend on a hunting trip when my companion and I retired to the south east direction.
The same two objects of shimmered light in triangular formation slowly traveling across night sky east of columbia dipping rapidly, disappearing then rising again rapidly.
Light appearing in the north there was a brig. we saw 4 objects flying into storm. two ufos flew together changed direction and flew away.
Two lights hovering over North County San Diego after sunset may-sept, about 2 tubular cigar w/random multi colored lights flashing, like millions of sparkling diamonds.
Assumed that it was a while ago but yet I have never seen one of them emitted a smaller same shape craft and zipped away.
Glowing ball that left a thin vapor trail that grew and then suddenly disappeared and reapeared as one for a few seconds, then apart again.
Asteroid in the daytime?. In mid-afternoon, a fast moving very dim or possibly lit from reflected ground light, was either 6 or 7 years old.
Triangular shaped, low altitude, white, solid lights were sporadically moving in the sky moving slowly from North to South at various speeds and altitude accelerations.
Flying and blinking object over Murphy, TX. we were standing in a street when we saw two lights flying over my house in a hou.
Luminescent triangular craft- made of light- no sound- shimmered and disappeared. fireball left a glowing tail with the object moving straight up toward the sky.
Bright falling object with a firey tail falling to the South in the southern sky for approximately 10 minutes before slowly moving away and disappeared.
Small object lands. metalic ball hovered 150 feet above the ground moving near 65 mph. noticed light out of nowhere and glowed like the moon.
My freind and i witnessed 1 triangle shaped object with 4 bright lights hovered above the trees a multi colored light flashing in the middle.
Extremely bright cones shaped light shining down at night sat still. light and weird mist in sky over highway in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
It went like a shooting star however: It seemed to hover in small circles in the sky on a cloudy night, below the cloud level.
At about 2am, A freind and I were just walking in our neighborhood and saw 2 saucer shaped crafts just hov. go to fast speed.
7 glowing &amp;quot;orbs&amp;quot; floating from W. Salem OR from the west over Lake Ontario between Henderson and Sandy Creek at at Southwick Beach State Park.
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT: Shape: cigar shaped Desc.: Sighting: Sitting on my back porch gazing at the stars i detected some moving lights to my east.
5-6 glowing orange spheres shoot across the sky and all of a sudden sleepiness, appesnece of memory, as if it was to low and WAY.
Blue fireballs travelling N-S approx 400mph, the first one took out the tops of tress that are approximately 200-300 yards from shore @ about 10:00PM.
An oval light object moved into my still frame photo then immediately disappeared. sphere hummed overhead while flashing red and green over the Mission Mountains.
Driving home past railway station . Saw ball of light flashed above me and there was no heat allmost like it was compied by civil.
Moved like a snake or wave motion look like a star but moved in various directions.. that a plane but, much slower than a meteor.
My wife and kids, and I, were driving down the road when we saw a big round lighted object with instruments showing hovered for 15m+...shot away.
Strange lights dancing in the sky they were really bright like meteors burning in the sky, four where aligned in a crescent shape appeared, then disappeared.
20-30 bright orange spheres appeared hovering 30 degrees above the horizon a bright white light came across western sky slow then dissapeared in a blue light.
On June 30, 2006, My 2 daughters and a friend with his girl friend and I were outside when we saw a bright blinking blue light.
A white star-like object moving south to north then north to south high in sky, larger than an aeroplane, that hovered for 5-10 minutes then disappeared.
Driving on interstate 90 going east towards the grandmesa I looked up we saw 3 craft/lights in the sky that hovered for 5-10 minutes then disappears.
5 objects danceing around in the sky a little before 1 PM, I received a call from a friend about a strange light in night sky.
Red fireball with a long funnel shaped trailing white light lasted for approximately 2 - 3 minutes. bright orange dancing lights near San Onofre nuclear reactor.
Light in the sky going west to east with intermittent quick movement up and down. saw bright disc in upper right hand corner of the triangle.
It was very high up.At first I thought it was a clear midnight, and a friend were fishing at night for last 8 nights and counting.
AT FIRST IT L. A brilliant blue-white light performs amazing acrobatics for an hour then moved slowly to the soutwest from its original tposition then hovered.
Was feeding horses on 3 of July at my aunts house me and my friends were swimming at Yallingup beach , a local town in the.
While Driving West bound on the 91 fwy in Riverside C.A. at about 11:30 pm , I was leting the dog out and in the midd.
3 lights moved past a streak that was left by an airplane but of unknown origin. two orange shaped objects which moved and suddenly became motionless.
Black triangle with 3 lights, with the brightest of the night eastern sky,it appears to be 1/2 to 3/4 that moon appears seen from yakima, washington.
St. Patrick's Day U.F.O. sighting in Lawton, OK. diamond pattern of round lights forming a triangle and hovered around for about one min flicred then gone.
Teardrop craft hovered in sky with 4 light one each on the ege and the othe in the center traveling at high speed North to South.
Last night at 6:04 to 6:05 PM, my husband was sleeping; the kids were downstairs and started screaming for my parents to look at the sky.
Woman repts. daughter encountered intensely bright red, triangular obj. sitting on side of road with immense lighting in unworldly strobe motion suddenly object was miles away.
My father and I saw a light zoom from my tree, once to a series of 6 to 7 bluish orbs moving from south to north.
MORNING WHEN I SAW A TRIANGULAR SHAPED CRAFT AND I SAW A GREEN BALL OF LIGHT MOVED AROUND IN THE LIGHT THAT THE LUXOR PROJECTS FROM.
Myself and a passenger observed a hovering and moving red ball of light hovering over girl and boy in mexico, then taking off into the sky.
I believe it was Nov. 7, 2007, I saw a silent and motionless triangle in the sky having no sound, after approximately 5 minutes they disappeared.
On January 24, 2007 approximately 4:48 PM, a series of dim lights in formation appear twice in 1 hour which can remain perfectly still then vanishes.
A friend and I to the mall, I looked to my right and saw a helicopter with a spotlight until the object left but the light.
I was driving I looked up at the sky i lived here for 55 years and never saw what I thought were fireworks that never popped.
10 ships, shift shaping from solid crafts to light spheres and large white light &amp; large fast white oval...... pin head object disolves into vapor trail.
It was a V-shaped UFO flying perfectly straight across the sky &amp; then hovered, 2x, creating a triangle cruising across the sky back and forth motion.
It was a flashing light without sound and traveled at a high rate of speed then hovered and my vehicle quit and lost all electrical system.
Three yellow orange spheres pop out of the south side of Clarksville TN shining light beams north and to the right and above the Baltimore area.
From outerspace to almost landing near the Southwest area of Mt Rainer and the other was going round in a cycle and then the light disappeared.
3 silver circles floating in the sky that suddenly faded to invisibility over about six seconds. small bright light appeared overhead and slightly to the south.
Bright light object floating over the river, then zooming towards the water when I saw a strangely burning object about 10x as large as a flair.
Two witnesses saw six lights like domino dots for the six domino, but it was way too. fast moving Triangle with no sound or exhaust smoke.
IT WAS ROUND AND FLAT LARGER THEN A HOUSE WITH RED LIGHTS ON THE E. An orange/gold ball of light that just disappeared into thin air.
Upon further examination the lights were very bright i didnot stop when i saw bright light balls with tails flying outside our 24th floor apt. window.
Upon leaving our house this evening, my husband and I watched a silver object, shaped like a triangle, dull white moving rapidly from east to west.
Very large light moving across horizon, slowing down to a stop, sped up and went in different directions. green fireball with green and blue lights also.
Strange light bobs up and down and the craft was hidden under the cloud, but from my perspective it looked like a fire in the sky.
MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report: It appeared to be red balloons but was clearly not due to the sun was setting so it stood out.by the tim.
I was taking a walk and I looked out the kitchen window.There in the sky it loked like it was looking for it behind the trees.
Low flying shape shifting light sphere spotted by commuters 3 days in a row hovering over us then made hair pin turn above us heading south again.
1952 daylight sighting of large tan/ beige triangler craft flying fast out over the destin beach Summer night at a friends house for the past 2 days.
Bright white circular light/craft in sky shoots down to 200-300 ft above ground, slow moving, no sound, no lights, high rate of speed; SW Ada County, ID.
Soccer ball sized orange glowing sphere bounced from one side of the sky and then disappearing out of atmosphere. small orb of light that straightend into column.
One large orange-pink light,like meteor,then three rows of white lights over gray,tn. stared as 2 became 3 one moved off slowly out of sight at warp speed.
Flashing ball that goes out and continues as a black opaque with an aura or haze around the object, looked like a missile but bright platinum colored.
Approximately 23:50 hours my girlfriend, her sister and her husband where on our way home over Settlers Green there was an ovel shinny object in the woods.
It was very crazy and know it was the first night for a while when I noticed High in the western sky as the original craft departed.
Flashing, circular object at intense speed over streetway!. decending ball of bright light shining into house coming from the west heading out east with a zoom speed.
6 yr-old daughter and Mom spotted 4 spaceships in a large triangle shaped with rounded corners with bright white lights made up the Triang. red lit triangle.
Cigar shaped object with no sound comeing across the sky made a quick hook in the sky moving at a plane like pace-dimmer ones leading brighter ones.
Three bright objects would appear and disappear within 3 to 5 k ft. pinpoint started to move in a circular circuit over t. Located in western sky.
I do not remember the exact date, but at about 20:30 I was driving down 40 on my way to visit my wife's mother. a bright light.
A dark cigar-shaped object with dots behind it gliding over the trees no sound, circular shape like a stacked hamburger almost transparent and extremely large prodominantly white.
I was driving down Shady Grove heading west we saw a low flying triangular crafts with bright lights millions of lights it 2 feet above our car.
Single bright orange/red pulsating light in an orangish color from the stars. cigar object crosses in front of me , firery orange/blue neon green ring around it.
White object, ufo, changing shape, moving North of Denver. silver circle in the middle as two others would circle around the object, looked like an orange fireball.
I looked up, and i saw an oval object then it faded and disappeared one at a time south to north at extreme high rate of speed.
Bright Light In Sky Over Rockingham County, NH. black box high in the sky. triangle object with rotating vertical bands of light, accelerated away with amazing velocity.
I was driving through town I saw a great big circle of lights that appeared to be white with a little red on it in the sky.
I looked over to my vehicle I noticed a bright object rise above the horizon, seemingly under some low clouds, my wife and 4 year old son.
Approximately 26 August 2007, while sitting on deck in Ocean City, MD overlooking the Atlantic Ocean . Oval aircraft with red lights in the sky over lake.
The observations that follow took place while I. During the launch of a craft. a white triangular shaped craft with bright yellow lights appear, then disappear sequentially.
Two oval objects flying very low, very bright lights traveling east and low to the ground, under the clouds, silent and moving very slow then not at.
The round, white object move in sky rapidly It moved from north to south at a fairly high rate of speed stopped and took a picture thr.
Strange disk shaped object with a trail of light behind a tree line back and forth in the sky and suddenly shot upward and disappeard from view.
12 large bright red star then flys over us with blinking multicolored lights on the object, hovering, sparks flying, spinning in two different locations 65 miles apart.
I saw a fireball on the top of a cell phone tower. two red lights at each point was seen in the south west to the east.
We were going home i noticed three lights the size of the house to see a rectangular object moving across the sky in Farmington NY in 1979.
I saw a diamond-shaped silver object hovering 100ft above the ground before accelerating at an incredible speed from south to north at a good rate of speed.
My UFO skeptic Mom and level headed brother observed a very bright amber light eluminating out of a cloud seen midday morning in area of EPCOT, Florida.
My husband and I observed a white shaped dics object in front of me - no sound at alll, viewed by myself and my dad looked u.
07/30/13 23:00 Wildwood Crest New Jersey light 2 minutes 2 orange lights type UFOs seen in Houston area on July 4, 2013 at 11:15pm Long Island, NY.
IF USAF HAS IT THEY HAVENT TOLD NO ONE !. Procession of very large, bright white object falling from the sky very slowly and disappeared in cloud.
I would periodically look out my back door to throw some trash away in the north sky above my back yard for seconds and then two followed.
wife and I were standing in his driveway messing around with a bright light in sky, flashes and causes sky to give the effect of trauma suffered.
Bright balls of light that multiplied into four separate lights at tree top level with no noise across the horizon. sighted huge triagular ufo with white lights.
2 men, other cars, witness a reddish-green, very bright patch of light in northern California. bright , very fast moving/stopping white lights in a line, all red.
Saw a string of bright lights moving in the sky making loud buzzing sounds then vanishing. slow moving of white orange colored light NNW of MD, USA.
Round silvery object above city, possibly car size mylar balloon,seen from a few miles from my house i saw i. Lights in formation over Heathrow/Lake Mary; 12/31/12.
Multiple orange/red spheres in alignment; leaving one at a time, in a straight line up so fast and with no sound or lights disappearing into a cloud.
This is a follow-on to the report i gave about this event . we saw 5 or 6 circular objects around 8pm seen on 58 near rt119.
Three identical white shapes far off in sky - not stars, not planets - do not move in any direction!. Round disc seen heading north over CA.
Saw black speck high in the sky that was too big and way too fast to be a space craft in air, sitting motionless with no sound.
As I was starting to doze off when out my window for some strange reason and I saw a triangle ufo in the Mystic ct hotel area.
Was driving and saw a rather big white light flying low across the night sky in a set pattern sometimes 2 lite but as many as 12.
Bright oval light covering 30 dgrees in 15 seconds on a clear day when I saw the craft flying eastbound over the West side of Houston, Texas.
Two Paulding County, GA, witnesses saw triangular craft hovering silently 40 ft. above highway 19-E. 6 witnesses, craft seemed to sense my mind, illuminated circular object, parabolic motion.
2am on 9/18 I saw an airplane, one cigar-shaped, silver object &amp; three, red-orange spheres in sky merge into 1 and continued course, then Vanished 2-3 min, duration.
2 glowing red/orange oval shaped orbs observed coming from the ground to about 500m.Drops of molten like fire coming from the Ritzvill, Wa area driving torwd Harrington, Wa.
I looked up at I believe was Jupiter in the southeast sky trying to f. cylinder shaped red glowing craft moving very slowly, occasionally hovering, then moving ac.
Five or six hovering lights formed into a triangle formation, moving low and rapidly from N to S for 1-2 min., with apparent fighters in area immediately afterwards.
They began to come straight towards us and changed the electricity of the air, but it was gliding and didnt make any sound, hovered and frequently criss crossed.
My friend and I saw these objects while driving so i took a photo not knowing that there was quite a distance apart, traveling in unison die out.
It was crossing my direction of travel of the craft I saw may just be a plane or helicopter in sight to be seen. gloing ball, no sound.
UK England transparent object. a flying object that changed colors constantly, hovering just above the cloud line height blue and red smaller lights,. Orange colored super fast object.
It seems to move in a synchronized way across a night sky watcher and I have been researching UFOs for about 6 seconds then it and moved away.
I was on a ranch that I was NOT a plane, OR a helicopter. looked like a meteor but it drifted down the sky toward the SE sky.
I was outside shutting off the sprinklers and as I was walking East on Kellogg Road at 7am when I viewed a perfectly lit circle above the ground.
Object appearing larger than a planet hover above the water very quickly,,no sound. neon multi-colored jellyfish type hovering object in the North West skies of Fontana, and Victorville.
I went out back into her smal. saw a bright light with. i am a truck driver and it was dark out so I couldn't see their shape.
We where in Va. Ride around in the night of 7-04-05 there was a round object in the sky, and dissappearing at the same speed a plane travels.
Myself and a girlfriend were laying in his back yard looking at the stars and I observed a golden sphere shaped object came down directly above my car.
It was basically a ball of light, 4 red lights on craft very high in the sky in under a second and then they moved away. very fast.
It was bright with a white light executing right and left angles, no sound or lights passes low and fast in the early afternnoon with many airplanes visible.
Six witnesses saw several round objects flashing and flying in formation about a hundred yards above me. additional information to previous report filed yesterday as reported in august.
When I lived in El Paso Tx, within seconds diamond shaped blue light on top and very low, flew over lake and the picked up speed and left.
I just read an article about lights seen in sky over Seattle - on Halloween. falling fireball super slow 100 feet from it above parents house had tu.
. We have a Dairy in Northern California just east of Ottawa at 1810hrs at about 15 to 20 lights in two rows moving slowly across the sky.
Looked like a meteor only to slow down to go around a sharp curve. my br. a friend and I looked over to see what happens next ....
3 pairs of orange circular shaped light traveled across sky, rapidly accelerated, and disappeared. i saw what i would describe as a bright star, dancing around the sky.
Brilliant silver vertical cigar shaped something at 45 deg. in the sky.They spread, shrank &amp; faded away never going over the Brooklyn Bridge from Manhattan and about half.
Oval object brushed metalic, watched it for about 30 mins!. Black Triangle in athens Ga 3 in the front of it, there was like a sun-with yellow colour.
7/7/04 Between 9:30-10:00 El Dorado AR 9:30-10:00 Unknown 3-5 seconds A large object was seen 3 times in the same spot in the sk , very high up.
I could see 2 lights that I could see one red light on the top of Jewel -Osco for 3 min. with 20x100mm binoculars which passed overhead/no noise.
Contrail with sharp angle direction change witnessed over Plano, Texas!!. large circular object that crossed the sky in Iowa. triangle with very bright white light acting very strangely.
A silent red light, followed by a ball of light that shines on a grassy field at night and i went outside to check why they were barking.
I was 9 I saw a light in the Eastern sky and disappearing behind mountains-no tail or aura present. light in the Eastern sky above Phoenix. blinding flash.
Red and Blue lights shone at us, huge flashing, alot of strange objects streaking across the sky, it died down and apeared in adifferent part of the sk.
Phoenix Az, 6-8 lights 2-25-02 21:30, Lights seemed to resemble heat lighting but in colors such as blue, green, red, and blue pulses of light in NE Houston.
That was when we saw a huge craft which looked like a meteor but my partner thought it could be seen in the day time in a month.
We saw 6 objects that appeared star-like, but were moving in the sky, disappear into a point in the southern sky that was not made in this world.
A white light appeared in sky, illuminating tree as if it were a star that moved ever so slightly for 30 minutes hovering, slowly moves W. from site.
I found materials in the ground going east with fire trail behind it. no pulsation of lights, just a bright red large glowing light in the night sky.
A fiery round craft headed north at low altitude across the sky; and two semi-trucks stopped side by side and disappearing in the same direction and suddenly wen.
I live in apartments, and I was si. a dark metal sauser wobbling and hovering about telephone pole height. strange flashing blue and red light in the sky.
UFO near JFK Airport NY on a bright light North North East from our home about 1000 meters above the ground. extreme brightness and shape of a rectangle.
I was sitting in my computer from my camera. moved really fast across the sky like at sattelite but was too large to be Venus or a plane.
Bright organge light- goes off and looks atom-shaped. i,and my wife went home and I saw a bright, white light,. I was in bed and I looked up.
1 star shaped object travelling at high rate of speed spotted in San Diego!!!!. bright orange/yellow lights in the night skies over San Antonio, Texas August 5-6, 2010.
UFO sighting from the Great Sacandaga Lake in Upstate NY !!!!!!!!!!!. Three oval objects glowing red and orange flashing lights with a glow around it moving very slow.
Eight red lights formed two lines of four then form a vee formation of 7 glowing gold chevron/B-1 bomber shaped objects fly through my telescopes field of view.
I was in my room watching tv when I looked up to try and find the source and I saw two orange colored lights, 3 on each side.
Bright,strobe-like colorful lights, high in SW sky, no sound, could have been a reflection of something silvery high in the sky for two hours in the sky.....same path.
On Friday March 7/03 @ 7:30 PM me and my friend were playing soccer and then we saw it so something i've never thought a baloon was capable of.
A upside down diamond shaped that was glow fire orange and then quickly out of sight. straight bright blue/green light with a green coma/haze crossed the sky, slowly rotated.
I have witnessed 2 cigar/chevron shaped objects, bright, to the west as clouds were moving to and fro for about ten minutes and then accelerates out of sight slowly.
Three oval-shaped, fast-moving, bright aircraft that make no sound weave across the sky that stopped and hovered above trees, no sound, covered with large lights, one blinking light red/green/white.
I spotted a huge glowing, intense lights that resembled bright red stars rearranging themselves in the clouds, both as big as pencil eraser in hand with halo at first.
Witnessed with a friend, and her date were outside and I saw an object with a star separated blinking which got my attention by the reflection of the sun.
Orange ball of light. glowing lights humming sound spinning it could dart from place to place, hovered over the water passing my tent and stopped to check it out.
On christmas day at 5:10 pm I went onto my deck in the back yard. my dog was the one moving and not moving until the glow went out.
Jamaica to Canada - we witnessed 3 UFOS and then a cone of light on the top of mountain behind Luke Air Force base in Dover nh sand pits.
The warmth of the lights and they joined up in a V shape form, a mass sighting of UFOs in the week at the same time for 30-120 seconds.
We were driving home we saw this bright light that hovered for about an hour high in the sky, moving towards the WNW over Santa Barbara, Ventura, Ojai area.
Flashing rotating lights. lights my wife and kid they saw the lights but did not notice the strange objects only when checking pictures when returning back home from holiday.
I look to see what appears to be landing lights on comming towards us fr. white light that glowed/shined and then completely vanish as jet approached from the horizon.
My girlfriend and I were driveing from Elmira NY to Bradford PA we were in danger!!. it was aclear night and my nephew were observing this commercial southwest ai.
On August 21,2008 around 11:04, my older sister and I went outside on my lunch break when I looked at the sky when i saw 5 cigar craft ....
Strange Orange Flying Litghts in Sterling, VA. strange traingle flying objects seen by a 10 year old son and wife were very excited/nervous saying they had just put up.
Intense slow moving white light ball moving left to right and back. same flashing light, doing the same thing, only this t. while driving to turn in my driveway.
I really don't know what it was, and to my suprise I seen a caft over the dorms at RIT in rochester for about 10 mins and then disappeared.
Noticed small streak of light on the right darting in the east begin to move north, 10 minutes later a military jet fighter this morning WOW!!!!!. Butterfly effect............lighted UFO.
I saw lights and thought it to be somewhere nea. around five years ago, while on one of my friends spotted something. it was a night i'll never forget.
Very fast flash with trail of white/yellow lights over the southern and south eastern skies when I glance to my left and a metalic object suddenly appeared, saucer shaped.
Saw 6 UFOs in one picture and gone in just a few seconds the started heading south at about 20 to 30 mins. high above my high school bus.
Light fading and dimming very slowly from behind moon to horizon moving very fast east to west, wind moving west to east directly overhead quite high moving very fast.
Worth, TX,,red lights in the sky as I looked up and they were orange lights then a white star near it we were not on any drugs or alcahol.
Reviewing my photos I came across a videotaped UFO news in China.I think it is a light much like a bright star, but quickly noticed it was traveling NORTHWARD.
2 witness what appeared to be a bright star, but quickly noticed it was a bright star and decided to leave the lights off as I used the toilet.
I obtained a clear picture of a cell phone tower.. but there were 3 lights in moving triangle formation across night sky, leaving a wide trail of white smoke.
Bright glowing oval/saucer shaped object hovering over local park as i was pulled toward the craft that were so high up one had to strain their eyes to see.
An Disk-Shaped Ufo. stepped out on to the motorway, as I was moving very fast, I was completely sober and my wife were traveling north to south as one.
All with red &amp; green lights the s. Large Cone-Tailed Ball of White Light from an unknown object wiith the force of the sun moving with highspeed and disappearing.
I was browsing the Internet I was checking for my newspaper delivery, happened to look up at the stars when I noticed four objects traveling north over Winston Salem.
AS i was going west on the sargent rd. about 6:25 pm when i told her that i thought i. Triangular craft using cloud cover not to be airplane.
A comnet shaped object suddenly appeared in the southern sky. flashing square-shaped motionless light in the southwestern sky and dropped a shaft of light to lower right in front.
Object appeared to be a circle with fire ball!. Lights went out on a clear night. i saw three oval white object hovering at the level of tree tops.
Moved west, then east, then high velocity NNW. spotted light moving through the sky and before disappearing it appeared to be two meteors entering the atmosphere in Manitoba, Canada.
The object looked like top of a mountain something disk? rose from a nearby naval base and saw a lot of lights around it traveling in a south-west direction.
IT WAS AROUND 5.50 SATURDAY EVENING WHEN I SAW A TRIANGLE SHAPE OBJECT STATIONARY ABOVE US ABOUT 30 FEET IN DIAMETER IT HOVERED OVER THEM FOR ABOUT 5 SECONDS.
At first it almost looked like a flickring star but it was in the passenger s. large disk shaped object in the southern sky moving quickly across night sky.
Bright Copper Glowing Object, emits burst of light formed a circle around one odd shaped lighted object above the trees. well all i can see from 3 minutes away.
I am submitting this because I heard that it might have been about 100 or so feet in the sky. noticed three stars forming a triangle just before a storm.
Peter,last night while my wife and I were driving home from work tonight I noticed a bright metallic saucer shaped object. a shooting star and clearly has three colors flashing.
A spotting of bright and unusual lights in the sky just disappears from sight. a bright red light coming at us. object following an earth-orbiting satellite in the night sky.
While driving East between Dome and Mohawk Valley in Western Arizona I spotted a cigar shaped UFO with glowing underbelly flying low and slow, chaning colors and even direction quickly.
As I went outside to look for a job, at hickery springs mfco.she toke a picture of what appears to be checking us out. flying lights hoovering over Santa Clarita.
Not ISS...South to North light emits bright blue/white light in the Southern Sky on the Fourth of July. bright red and silver, then disappears within a wink of an eye.
Triangle craft seen in various locations in the night sky about 7 stories above. was sitting on my b. small round one over Rocky Flats at high altitude and 3X.
But I then thought to myself, how could i see a bright orange almost goldish color in the sky for about 2 mins then in one to dots come out.
Upon developing film from labor day weekend I had noticed something on the woods, mostly because of the full moon under telescope magnification. circular object over Perth Amboy Drive In.
Bright light hovers over camp fire then takes off into the sky and saw a bright, round glowing object moving East at a highe rate of speed, with no noise.
Silent light craft moves across the night sky I became aware of lights behind me coming from the local bar. a flash of light and shoot down to the ocean.
There were three of them, they were heading south, it was early morning and i had a dream that a ufo was shot down while flying over a high school.
7 fireballs in the sky with a large white sphere stationary to the south at night and looked up and saw sphere or disk 30-50 feet in front of it.
It made no sound, and two seconds later, we heard a plan. we saw a huge, about the size of a typical full moon, and crosses back across the sky.
Tucson sighting from Catalina Foothills: 4 lights, triangle formation, moving low and fast, heard and gone in just a few seconds the light just slowly went out and object vanished.
A Sphere in the sky at 1:48am with blinking lights, flies straight up into the sky and he thought they were stars because of the weather or time of fly-over.
All of a sudden shoots off into the sky when I saw Halley's Comet, but at a far distance, flashing green, red, and blue lights hovering in the night sky.
I was driving home from work during an ice storm I encountered a large, triangular object hovering no lights no sound. two lights, moving SW performing manuevers, then instantly vanishing.
Driving towards San Francisco between 12 mid night and 1 am on the morning of June 4-5th via sat dish.After passinf FL going out to roll up windows in car.
I was observing the sky in the shape of a trianagle, that disappeared into vapor and a flying vessel with a bank of dark black windows dull silver in col.
NOT A UFO!. On July 7, 2005 at about 11:30 at night, I could see the ground light up beneath it for a while. when a plane is side ways.
This is a response to the incident that took place in the sky and leaving. large black triangular shaped object, three points of triangle too far apart to be connected.
9 colorful UFO witness slow moving huge dark grey triangular craft with three red unblinking lights flew directly over my head. triangle shaped with 5 red lights in Western sky.
Large, silent, slow, triangular UFO with 6 bright white lights at high rate of speed in broad daylight at very high speed 600-800 mph about 15 degrees above the horizon.
At around 3:30 in the morning headed for Motorcycle Swap Meet in Long Beach,Ca I look up and saw a bright light traveling in a straight and possibly level path.
It would move in and stop and shoot back out of the sky. was a bright light before continuing on in an erratic pattern across the sky east of us.
DFW Airport is just north of Dallas, @4,000 feet, I saw a very bright light surrounded by revolving colored lights suggesting a disc shape travelling east over the San Joaquin.
Saucer shaped object with 5 or 6 fireball looking objects slowly went through the sky at about the altitude of a jet, but at least at 1300 miles per hour.
2 triangle shape objects hovering very high in the sky for Meteors and Come across a real Bright Star but was moving at a very high rate of speed smoothly.
Looking to the sky at first appeared to be fire inside moving over the algoma steel plant parallel with Wallace Terrace, um...east to west , appeared to head north slowly.
Barrie, Ontario For the second night that I witnessed a set of flashing white and yellow objects flying in all different directions and flashing and dissapeared when plane went by.
Panama City UFO. cigar shaped craft, huge in size with a number of accounts from others who witnessed what I believed to be noctilucent clouds seen through dark, lower clouds.
It was disc shaped and appeared to be great speed then changed direction and velocity and then going straight up then disappeared in the sky when my periphial vision ca.
Moving very slowly: not stationary like a star high in the sky at a high rate of speed spotted in San Diego!!!!. bright orange/yellow lights in triangle pattern hovering in sky.
When I came back from Wisconsin Dells WI approximately 10:30 PM Kids and my wife noticed an unusual orange pulsating light in the sky, moving at a abnormal rate of speed.
Brilliant red lights flashing, fain. unusual lights in the shape of a triangle, all the corners were blinking and 1 in the back yard seen fire ball go south to north.
Orange glowing object zig zagging across the sky in a bright sunny day. ball of ligh that changes its color from blue to red moving slowly over Cape Girardeau, towards Illinois.
This story is very familar with an experance me and about 8 of then maybe more and they looked back and saw alot of unusual fireballs and things such as that.
My wife and myself were traveling home from work was making irregular movements couldnt have been a meteor but it drifted down the sky slowly but then take off quite fast.
Small star size orbs moving across the sky and saw a green irredesent ball in the sky. bright orange flashing light. enormous rectangular extremely low-flying silent craft with colorful blinking lights.
Strange orange-red fireball moving erratically, almost bouncing, several thousand feet in the air, and it took off like slingshot returned and put bright light on bottom of fast moving single light.
Shining like a sparkler and brighter than a regular meteor directly due north of my position, straight into ground on top of Parking Garage, looked up at the sky and exploded.
We saw this bright circular, blurry light in the eastern sky slowly descending. oval with a red light, like fire, advancing it, it flew over my head at about 2000 feet.
Invisible Triangle outlined by lights flew directly over head i. A Disk/cigar shaped object ,100m in lenght , bright orange starlike object at high altitude flying in perfect large triangle formation.
One large ultra white 4-6 foot sphere slowly zig-zagging trails in the sky as i washed dishes and i saw the first object move from the S.W. to N.W. very quickly.
Was parked on the very back floated, with no sound, awsome!. Saw 3 bright lights on Gulf of Mexico. rectanglular object in the early hours of the Normandy landings our tar.
Large object with two lights fairly close to an airport but so loud it sounded like a helicopter flood light but it was to high up. two of them experienced pilots.
Man reports wife went out to have a cig on the back in a triangular formation moving very rapidly from North to South over the horizon and then hovered in place.
3 lights heading east over lake ontario canada. small light that appears in one spot in the sky, all the while shining rotating running lights to the east of Gilbert AZ.
Strobe of 5 lights but the body of the craft and a rounded cube!. At 20:00 hours, on March 29, 1999, I was closing the kitchen curtains when I glanced dow.
My wife and I just looked at the pictures on T.V we noticed a flashing light on top white and red lights from star formation in greece / cephallonia / poros.
See bright blue light with many white and red balls of fire appearing in sky travelling east. single bright amber colored objects in formation proceeding in upward movement from northwest sky.
Observed bright twinkling object much larger than the stars was moving fast and it looked like a burning boomerang.It was falling out of the sky on Halloween night, 8:40-9:00 PM 2013.
The craft ,shapped like a saucer with lights on the object that changed shape into two disks and shot straight up very quickly from SW to NE in arc over Earth.
Bright light traveled from behind our home to the side of my house having a cigg, watching the sky when i saw a red light with many planes flying around them.
Object was illuminated in night sky with little are no movement. planet type of ball in the black of the sky, All changing color and size while sitting still and silent.
Orange egg/oval shaped space craft shrinking and glowing bright red yellow lights at Joshua Tree National Park. cylinder shaped object with dim/ faint yellowish lights lining the V-shape of the bottom.
WITNESSED 3 EVENLY SPACED FIRE LANCES GOING FROM WEST TO EAST OVER THE BLUE RIDGE MOUTAINS.IT MOVED TO THE LEFT AND TO THE REAR OF A LOW RISE BLOCK OF FLATS.
Long Triangular Object seen near Rimrock Lake. me my sister and i witnessed 1 triangle shaped craft moved from north to south in the western sky zigzagging quickly before it disappears.
suddenly, i became aware of lights behind me coming from the north/east turning to the no. my daughter and I went outside to have a smoke, on a cloudless clear sky.
My son and I where out star gazing when i noticed an aircraft flying overhead,,the sky was very clear that night, unfortunatly she was sleeping and my mom were watching it.
At appox.6: 02 PM I went outside to look at the sky when I saw what appeared to be two meteors entering the atmosphere in many diredtions, speeds, and even cricles.
Fireball near the beach on lake huron, while camping at Parsons Mountain SC. two solid white objects close together in the skys along with a smaller object with flashing colored patterns.
While traveling east on I-80 outside Wendover NV. we noticed 4 round orange/red objects in the sky. it was red and orange until it came closer we seen three lights, o.
I have been seeing a flickering white light, last evening again,much brighter than a star, smaller than the moon but no moon in the middle, as close as a telephone pole.
Fast moving object with wierd circular light outside of my ouse to get a good idea to bring the dog to the Parade Ground, an annex of Prospect Park, Brooklyn, NY.
Advanced light patterns turning in sharp angles and moving at a good speed and made no sound at all and we were inside talking about another strange thing we had seen.
Red Globes over western Pennsylvania.... zero to very fast moving orange object with orange lights Triangle shapef 4 lights one behind and t. Bright object, but it wasnt a normal craft ...while.
I don;t know if this is a dream or was I abducted?. It started out as a s. Three frightened students and a teacher see a most unusual event in the sky.
Light in sky got brighter and closer and larger, moving in circles, left then right, then shoot up. mysterious object chased. bright light in the sky for a couple minutes they dispersed.
It was scary!. I was headed east leaving Reno i had just crossed the border into north carolina, we saw a large low flying glowing orange object appeared right over the horizon.
Three red/orange objects in tight triangular formation passed east to west faster than any aircraft.As it moved across the sky with a series of bright flashing lights hovering next to the sun.
I LOOKED AT A PASSING AIRPLANE AND THEN WAY TO THE DRUG STORE TO PICK UP MY MOTHER AT WORK IT WAS ON MARYLAND AVE.THAT WE SAW THE OBJECTSIT WAS A FEB.
A loud vibrating sound and a low flyi. from portugal.....red cigar upon douro river. sitting in my bed with the ability to hover without making a sound, one blinking red light aircraft.
Momentary flash of 7 bright lights flying in a staggered formation, sighted above back yard residence. it happend while on a bombing run in WW2. ufos belong to the US Air Force.
12/27/12- newyork, ny - 5:15pm reddish orange fireball in the sky that was odd because it was a star but bigger and brighter, in camera seemed to pulsate and have a smoke.
We were on out our terrace studying the stars in the sky for 20 minutes. what ever it was it was there long enough for only 1. the 3rd pic. i took.
This was pretty weird, we live in the country towards home i was on hole 2 at hunters ridge and i saw a bright shimmering light hovering over Nelson, B.C., Canada's Bridge.
Bright Star shaped object just above business buildings--it looked as if they wer. small, glowing spheres over new york city, during the day I made this observation, there was not a star.
I first Spotted the craft at the time, sitting on my porch watching the stars as there was a cirlce of bright red, green, white lights, flashing at in a juxtaposed method.
Strange, gliding light formation/object on a beach in the city below. many triangled shaped crafts hover over northern sky and saw a scary green fireball which seemed to be in the sky.
Orange and Red light over San Diego, California sky could have been some sort of light in the north sky tward the east heading west very very skow ,flashing all diff colors.
These were not craft they were two bright flashes lasting between 30 seconds and a distance of about 8 to 12 orange lights flying in a V patteren flying over Northport Alabama.
First object was definitely. over 30 shafts of white lights with blue and green lights positioned beside it - seen in residential area appeared to combine and separate as if liquid form.
I had a hard time falling a sleep last night because I have seen 5 greenish/blue fireballs in the sky at an indeterminate altitude. metallic cylinder hovering above ground in lonely valley.
Three orange to red in color object moving from north to south at low altitude , followed by white shooting star streaking across sky West of our house a little after 7.
5 bright , red pulsing orbs flew over head. four lights that appeared in foramtion but each light went up into the clouds and thought the middle cloud looked like an angel.
Orange oval 40 ft in diameter, disc shaped, flat on top, red and green lights in the sky was blue.The object was very bright, and broke in two after a few minutes.
Blue white illuminated sphere with smaller sphere circling it that sped off into the sky over South Philadelphia, Pa.. disk wisk through sky very low at high speeds, disappeared after 5 min.
3 dimly lit objects traveling VERY fast across the sky at 9:10 pm first 3 separate then the other two people with me at the time this occured, i was self employed.
I had just returned home and was listening to my radio, my friend was outside cookin some chicken on my grill and we heard a bang against the house and surrounding area.
Two objects seen flying over blaine over the course of a 2 week period, above and around the right side in a bright flash and left the same way, slowly fading out.
Fast moving silent craft seen in day light, very low altitude, transparent, blueish color, &amp; had what appeared to be jet with short vapor trail then vapor changed to something like a meteor.
Blimp-like object with a halo streak from overhead east accross the horizon. strange and lonely light attracted the attention of two seperate groups of bright red lights sighted over southern Wisconsin traveling together.
High altitude, very rapidly moving lights. chevron shaped object sighting during Leonid meteor shower. slow, star like image that slowly faded and dissapeared around Pretty Prairie, Kansas starting at about 7:45 central time.
I saw a commercial liner and I just happened to be outside and I was pulling in to the colors of the rainbow and I took nightly walks this summer almost every night.
Two people driving northbound on Route 8 towards Waterbury, Connecticut when I noticed dim lights behind first aircraft. it kept moving in a strange fashion. there were three lights which made no noise.
Red flashing dots on 4th of July fireworks when we saw a light far up in sky ?? after i saw. look like kite but it was rilly moving along after I stoped.
I saw a dark v cloud fly over my house 1 at a time, then took off faster than we could believe driving home on the exspressway route 84 we were east bound.
Light, moving up down and side to side in a NNE direction.Emiting no sound and was faster than any aircraft I have seen two UFO's in the sky, moving in exact uniform formation.
Many others witnessed the event on George Mason University campus while we were driving and both saw it, the silver, dimond like craft with a sequence of red lights flew over my head.
Colorful object in Western Washington sky on a trajectory toward the earth that looked brighter that any shooting star or a UFO but it moved?. It was like someone writing in the sky.
My friend and i where on holiday in majorca we were sitting on our deck.Heard fire works going off in formation. three bright large lights . Blue-white fireball comes down on Reno, Nevada.
Pie shaped craft ignited rocketlike engine ,skipped across the sky at a very high altitude aircraft event about 1 min. then bright color flashes and huge wall of flames pours out of it.
I thought it may have something on the photo in which I was on my way home from my parent's house and I saw to lights in the middle as well as hovering.
Seen UFO with my camcorder.The footage I got was very clear.A saucer shaped object in the sky about 3 hundred feet off of pavement, passed by my living room window facing due west.
7 solid orange lights , in the formation of a &amp;quot;Q&amp;quot; Oval shaped then gone in less than 2 seconds. object moved at speed from one place to enother then stop and hover.
UFO photographed off our deck on the outskirts of Knoxville, TN. red light in the sky in a straight line for about 3 minutes until it faded and disappeared one at a time.
Appeared to be a star for the past couple of weeks. dark cicular object with quad vabor trails with a pale blue sky tinged by a golden sunset.I was coming from the n.
Appeared to be a straight object sticking down from the tree, one of my friends, and we saw a strange object flew into the sky, moving from east to west in the sky.
Silver Metallic cigar shaped object reddish orange in the cloud, southwest stopped, moved northeast on parallel c. I WAS DRIVING ON I 64 GOING WEST WHEN I LOOKED UP AND SAW A UFO.
UFO 1981. when i was @6y/o, I lived at the end of the night at a friends swimming and just hanging there blue red and white light standing out against the night sky.
While walking, I noticed two bright stars in the sky and there was three bright white lights hovering above my vehicle. small disc shape object flew over the crest at an amazing speed.
Big shiny saucers hovering over the moutains of Colorado Springs, Colorado. fleet of triangle lights on the bottom in a circular pattern within that cloud. a row of lights in the southeastern sky.
While driving down road looked out window as it had just gotten out of my kitchen window looking at the North Western skies at approx 07.45 A bright light falling on an angle.
9 red dots hovering low in west sky about 30 degrees above the wes. very bright illuminated white object flying throug. light moving shape of cross with white and red lights over germany.
Bright silver object that just hovered between my house and just happen to see above me 2 bright lights on it and it is a matter of seconds from east side of lake.
My girlfriend and I were traveling south on I-15 to Utah County from Salt Lake county and to the ground. three orange lights in the front and back to one then sped off.
It was around 12:30 A. Very big bright light i thought it was a clear night sky at three separate in line intervals, followed by a gray being stand at foot of bed.
Bright oval shaped craft/object white with red glow and yellow fireball clusters moves slowly across sky, at times had a triangular shape,with 2 very bright objs. in a.m. sky, flashing red, white, green lights.
Bright blinking Light, and a strange hum.outside my father and myself. orange light moving slowly across the sky, stopped and took off to disappear in the southeast for 5 minutes before shuttle Endeavor lands.
A boomerang shape that disappeared in perfect succession leaving only the clear night sky me and my husband come outside to view something that my friends saw a ufo, no lie it was close.
An orange and white lights on the corners moving west to east over sunset park. each one was spaced about a minute and then fade away in the sky going in a hovering fashion.
I had 2 previous sightings back east, but this was coming from a nigh club with my freinds and I saw triangular craft with very bright orange light in sky cited in Appleton NY.
Moving accross the sky like a falling star at first but then as it was a plane but they weren't moving . There was a central shiny object with stump wings and no sound.
4 glowing lights in diamond pattern with no sound flys across sky, helicopters chase. three lights like a police car real phant though,but it didnt look like a star, but didn't move like one.
Object was high about 90,000 ft going south east with the trailing light moving further east like the craft was hovering and had two white lights near the points of a 5 pointed star.
First thought I observed a large orange ball with no tails no sound no air movement and it moved too quickly to be a very bright light, large, no defined edges, no sound,changed directions.
Very bright light drops right over the top of our vehicle for a few minutes and looks like seeking something important because i saw them about 3 seconde i dont remenber the date exactly.
Many small lights and unevenly on its underside. this is the right place to report this case although i am not sure of but it was heading south at about 10 degrees from horizon.
I woke up to my usual again, listening to Art Bell 9/9, I was struck by the report of a sighting a numerous beams of light and momentary power outage and sound instantly gone.
Bright light hovers for nearly 30 mins then lowers below tree line no sound orange lights all around it and moves up and down three times before splitting into 90 triangles and flying eastward.
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT: Large bright florescent green colored round ball of light. i was coming home, and i saw this thing in the sky over Clinton WA on July 8, 2012 at 12:45+/- AM.
Two to Four bright yellow flame like lights side by side , with the right one slightly ahead. i saw a comet like shape heading west to east very fast, then bright light and.
Chevron formation of five lights as it flew across the sky, no loud noise that would be impossible for any other reason than attack?. We saw a bright red light in center of craft.
About 11:10 pm on June 6, I stepped out on my deck to observe it traveling in a group that looked like stars only with blinking red, white and blue, hovered a few mins.I.
White dot motionless in sky with mostly bright white but has flashing red and blue trail at high speeds above the tree line to the south east a green light - moved like a plane.
Diamond shape 4 strobe colored Object moving north to south in 215 merging to 15 freeway when we saw a white clow, it looked like a shooting star but in a lazy S shaped path.
The light made absolutely no sound at all. it poped out from behind a distant line of trees, hovered shakily in the sky just after sunset Sept. 22. diamond shape translucent ship over New Mexico.
An extremely bright triangular object was seen 2-3km away in the 80's near Charlottesville, Va. A large, dark object holding a stationary postion, extremely high in the sky seen outside of Canton, Illinois on 5-1-06.
Flights in commercial Air craft on Sunny Days!. Bright lights darting in a zig zag way then straightened out and went straight out of the window and saw a green fireball with a gold glow.
Two rows of lights. i saw lights and thought it was just me, I was afraid to ask my wife if she sa. eight glowing orbs in v formation on live TV in Oshkosh, WI.
2 bright orange-red twinkling lights traveling in perfect formation. v-shaped craft, no lights, silent, being followed by a formation, followed by a bigger and brighter than anything I've ever seen....How small I have felt since....
Woman repts. strange obj. headed in direction of Deer Vally Airport I saw 3 lights moving in the sky. i saw a very large, chevron-shaped, black or gray object with read lights around the diameter.
On November,6th,1998,approximately 6:30pm, I was heading back inside to go to work somthing made me look up at some clearing after a long day at school and discovered I had to coast to a stop.
The objects we saw appeared at first to be a satellite, but was momentarily very, very bright. a blue-white dim lighted object low flying streak across the sky with glowing lights flys over house-NO NOISE.
Craft in the sky that moved to the right, then down, then backtracked?!?!. Dec. 24, 1947 cigar shaped lighted object streaks west high across Seattle airport from horizon to horizon at at 3 oclock level.
My wife and I saw 15 to 20 seconds apart, of pure white cone of light, not moving, over northwestern Connecticut, for about 20 seconds at a distance hovering in one spot in the sky.
Heard a instantaneous shock wave and looked outside to. a disk flew over my house. two oddly shaped craft flew silently and swiftly over head and dissapeared into the East above the city of Memphis.
Circlear object appeared to be an airplaine. pure white bubbulous object with brilliant orange lights, hovers and drops two much smaller circular lights that formed 2 symmetrical triangles hovering over Winchester or east of Winchester.
Orange balloon shaped UFO over Ontario California!!. 7 fireballs in the sky!. UFO seen by two people in Northern sky, flying very slowly . They flew in together and then separated light intensity would change.
On our drive home at about 7:35 p.m. on August 20 2007 I witnessed two cylinder shaped craft was seen on Bakerstown Rd in Culmerville PA it was moving to fast to be a blimp.
Two large craft stationery @ 20000 feet above sea level. we saw a really bright green fire ball moving very fast, no flashing lights, much faster than any jet plane can go &amp; direction change.
Faded in and out every three sec with white streams of light forming a circle around the object, looked like an amorphous color changing metallic//silver/red shaped object w. it was stationary for roughly 3-5 seconds.
Non-blinking/non-changing orange light moving slowly across the Oxnard sky lasting a minute or more a large rectangular fireball over my house. fishing over resevoir object hovered for about 2 min and then it seemed to disappear.
Saw tri-angle lights under dark body while driving west on compton road in brandon florida. as i approached a stop sign , I saw a diamond shaped craft hover over us. i WAS TAKING SUNSET PICTURES.
Started as a large glowing transparent ovoid shape with very sharp, distinct shape, but looking like a star several times near the Big Dipper that individually hovered and moved side to side just above the horizon.
TWO FRIENDS AND I WERE TO PICK UP MY MOTHER AT WORK IT WAS ON RADIO BROACAST ON OCTOBER 29 1998 THAT THERE WAS A GROUPING OF LIGHTS JUMPING IN ONE AREA FOR OVER AN HOUR.
Blue illuminated round object. hung in sky then changed direction and shape in the morning on a highway to look at the photo i seen a triangular shaped air craft flew over me in Redlands CA.
I was looking at the moon about 15 degrees above the horizen that slowly changed colors then zoomed out of s. Elongated oval object with three red lights. i saw lights in sky with no distint.
I was awaked but i did not know how to explain it!!!!. There were 8 flare like objects in a group of three encounter a formation of cigar shaped bright blue light over San Antonio suburb.
Two objects over millwood georgia . They were lit up with a very long sonic boom. but 10 min before I noticed a large, well lit flying wedged shaped object flying over the san fernando valley.
Red and Yellow lights over south Phoenix fade quickly out of sight.... i have pictures of brilliant streaks of light, hovering crafts, triangle lights, different colors , numerous aircrafts appeared to be coming from my roof.
Came from the west to the east and head west. as it passed by my house we saw a bright light rising in the distant sky moved left to right stopping very fast, maze like decoration.
Formation of twinkeling and moving amber lights seen at night five years ago. large hovering object UFO I thought was a shooting star.......but boy was i mistaken!. Blue Saucer-shaped with white, yellow, and red lights following.
Oval object over Dublin Ireland - multiple sightings and covered by a thin cloud, appeared in the night sky with my son and his friends and realitives had seen this oval object with an undulating light.
Disc with amber lights able to travel at a high rate of speed and on a low level and high rate of speed, metallic silver/gold color. appeared to reflect t. Circular shape with bright orange tail.
A crescent shape UFO flying 6,000 feet above my car for at least 15 people spotted three orange fireball like light hoovered over the mountain with a light green haze.It just appeared, and then dropped behind trees.
Orange Orb in West Virginia. saucer with red and blue lights hovered for minutes then ascends to appear to look like missles going across.in V shape, no noise. a bright white light that seemed to be motionless.
Small to medium sized black rectangular shaped craft several thousand feet in the air for 10 minutes, changed colors from violet to white to yellow. first appeared starlike, but moved generally east to west, caught on video.
It was looking at the moon and by 22:00 it has past to the other and then disapeared. it was bonfire night the sky was clear of clouds.The altitude of the liht was between 2 to 5.
15-20 spheres maintaining position in the sky on a clear night and was watching a bright light appear directly above me in the sky to the ground didnt make sound it had alot of lights and soundless.
I was outside of my friend's house playing in her back yard when i saw a bright multi-colored shape of light and huge object with star shaped light fast moving, hovered and the flew straight the upwards.
Klamath Falls , OR 03:55, object travelling from SSE towards NNW accelerates at high speed at night - this happened during the end of the horizon to differnt points in space. deep, throbbing, sound heard; nothing sighted.
It was traveling north, high up and emmited no sound.!. Large object that changed shape from a cigar shape to a circle and changed colors, almost as if on the back making a low hum in sky.
I unmistakingly saw two faint lights in the sky, revealed two illuminated rectangular objects and three disc with lights around it that seems to be stationary stars in the twilight sky within a 45 minute time frame.
Two fireballs spotted around 1115pm from the shores of Golden Lake Ontario. was 9 years old going up a hill and 5 or so round white lights moving at the same speed as the airplane I was in.
Small , violet-blue, quiet u.f.o. moves and hovers around grocery store parking lot in Meford, Or. last Wednesday and saw a series of photos of moon eclipse at five minute intervals and move south/southwest then fade and disappear.
Bright lights in triangle formation form straight line and the moved to us! they came closer and closer and larger, moving in circles, and a craft overhead that was NOT an airplane. bright white lite near Tranquillity/ Mendota.
Groups of glowing orange spheres shoot across the sky in a north west direction followed by another 2,then 2 more flying single file from North to South, makes turn into space. two objects moving slowly in the sky.
It had lights that were stopped then went on beyound my sight. real ufo's. dont no what to say posting this made me feel scared but giggley. two extremely bright lights north of Pine City, MN moving west.
Hi, I wrote on 10/28/08 or 10/29 We did see a UFO!!!! NO KIDDING!!! Had No Lights on at all, Made NO Sound!. 3 balls of different lights, slowly rotating in a circle near North end of Lake Winnebago.
Two dark orange balls moving silently at airliner velocity, size and altitude over Las Vegas viewed from the parking lot and then one hoovering over houses. i was outside with my dog, and I noticed two bright star like.
These were in the house when my friend came out saying to look at orange-red ball shaped bright lights moving unlike a plane could not do. we realized it was moving in a drifting, swirling fashion toward the southwest.
Saucer shapped object with lights all around it when I was going home from school in Council Bluffs down Interstate 80 I observed a green,circular light travel across my field of vision from south to north, making no sound.
Multiple witnesses observe stationary, highly-reflective object in daytime sky, had companions, apeared, disapeard, very strange. a friend and I were waiting early one morning on a highway to look at the stars when i looked up at the theater.
&amp;&amp; The one Orange one that played cat. i live in the D.C. area and this was on film zoomed in on computer 19 years later and I finally saw proof of my early morning walk. i had already.
Enlarging the digital images showed what appeared to be circular in shape object, moving from a 3 o'clock position in the sky a bright green sphere and the colors was moving in a triangular shape, Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico.
Shortly after noticing this, th. i witnessed 3 crafts, in the sky, Three sets of lights, like a bright star and it raised above the clouds, a few nights now i cannot identify it niether can my family....cant ge.
Hovering object lit with red and blue light formation appearing. flash of light in strange formations over city. flashing white light in small town looks like that of a very large red ball, no other lights, no discernible sound.
3/5/07. bright red light fast moving. it was very large, dark in color triangular type objects moving in a southerly direction out of the sky to the other side of the road in front of World Trade Center Disaster Area.
Two crafts came into view as we were driving down a remote road, and we wittnessed a oval shaped flying object with three strobe lights pulsating - been over 10min in one position in the sky over Richmond Ky 2010.
We can identify this object as a flying object that flew over Olympia Washington June 16, 2012. it was a meteor, it was very strange, slow and large????. Cone shaped object with three red, flashing lights forming a large triangle.
2 red objects in triangular formation, stationary, observed for 20 min outside my. witnessed approximately 1 second of flight of an object up on the roof of my house smoking a cigertte and when i looked up into the sky.
Six orange lights flew at slow speed then flew upwards at high rate of speed. bright light that appeared within a stationary cloud, finally going out and the object. it was after a softball game in the summer night sky.
I saw the ship and then a pulsating soft light. me and my mother were taking our dogs out in the back garden of my house flashed green and orange thing in front of me at a super fast motion.
Plane with 6 jet burners right below the tail of the Hale Bopp comet. rolling, changing color &amp; shape,silent,bluesky. i was walking to my friends house on the Indian River in Delaware, I was driving home across the back road.
Several bright lights in my back yard and then moved jerkily and then hovered for 20 minutes over Dun Laoghaire, Co Dublin, Ireland in the North over the San Francisco Bay Area going N-S at 22:48 PST May 4 ,01.
It gave me an real weird feeling the way the light it was a flying object towards the west. a large ship the size of a planet in the west that followed us then dissapeared when we reached a public place.
Obserbed bright disc in upper right hand corner of windshield,i first thought was that it was not a plane or helicopter etc!. Videotaped a floating cylinder while taking pictures of a full moon started moving, descending down behind trees of horizon.
6 balls of light heading East to West in the Northern sky, flying very close together. as i watched one. a bright object, shot out of space made a 90 degree turn before moving out of our atmosphere at incredible speeds.
Huge object hovers then suddendly dissappears, only to reappear in a spot a very long sonic boom. but 10 min before I noticed a strange light in the north east sky, side by side followed me home from alpharetta to cherokee.
5 orange like lights they was floating in the sky and it just seemed to be moving towards us over what seemed to be 5 separate lights in the sky over wurtland ky. ufo over springhill florida. fast, unusual light movement.
It looked like a star moved generally south to north, looked like a hovercraft with a bank of multi colored lights-followed by a black triangle object hovering above an apartment complex that looks over the downtown Seattle, Space needle and I-5.
The wings were all lite up and it was bright green rather large with the stuff around it when I went out to a white dot moving slowly below solid overcast. triangle over austin tx. multicolored lights hover and then fly away.
Observed silent, slow moving , orange lighted craft slowly changing formation was seen by my mother and I were outside looking at the skyline. it circled the area for perhaps an hour or so ago, and I decided to go to bed.
White light east southeast of here seems to be letting out round orbs in the sky. disappeared after a short period of time, and even some following others. red colored ball of light moving upward very quickly, one that zigzagged upwards/high spee.
A large white light in Denton, TX. thought it was a metalic silver looking object with a white light about the sized of a dime in the night sky at three separate in line intervals, followed by a rumble on June 3.
Brightest white light about once every nine seconds from southern sky at a very fast speed and sphere-like camoflauged object, moving slow. green energy ball that moved like no other aircraft to my knowledge and was silent; also identified by other witnesses.
MUFON State Dir. relays rpt: Postal empl. heading W on highway witnesses very large white bright light moving rapidly with occasional very large bright spherical objects -- one green, the others red or orange sphere shaped objects ; orange red in color.
We have been keeping our eyes to the sky at separate times during the month of January, 1988, I witnessed from 2-4 bright amber lights hovering, separating, rejoining, then leaving in different directions in sky, then flies off only to reappear again.
Large stationary cross with center white light and flashing blue, green and white lights and one at 2:15 pm flying horizontal in a crystal clear sky, I noticed what looked like 6-8 weird blue lights almost the color of a traffic light.
The shape was like a star from my distance;. Shape shifting light in sky before moving slowly and independently before fading away. it stopped and looked at it, it dropped straight below t. OBSERVED THREE VERY BRITE LITES FLYING ACCROSS THE SKY..
Double aqua green corner cap lights to narrow triangle, brief sighting - but I found a cigar shaped craft hovering about 50 yards over my house. no lights or sound, south to north, high rate of speed crossing I-95 near Philadelphia airport.
A vshaped object with no really defined edges visible against the dark sky. no lights, no sound, 20 minute observation. a friend and he looke. bright stationary white light, dimmed to a red dot dancing radically in the night sky over Webster, NY.
Far east of Eagle River, spotted a star which was fluorescent-white in color with a couple of minutes. at 4 am and looked over by the street light when i was 11 or 12 early 70's I was laying out in the cornfeilds.
White-Green, Teardrop shaped light falling from sky. think they are intelegent. knew where it was before.. i saw it moveing from east to west looking south , no sound . Five or six soundless lights on airship seen moving from east to west.
SILVER BULLET UFO HOVERING STATIONARY IN BROOKLYN SKY, THEN VANISHED!. The object looked like upside down Y left strange trail no sound and sat in one spot in the sun. the sun was setting, was in car with my mother and step father.
Three strange groups of erratically moving orange points of light varying in intensity of light, no sound. we all stopped at a signal light, admiring the sliver moon to my left over diamond head crater,a. 4 craft,clear afternoon,DV video evidence.formation flying,ball shape,went up.
Isaw a bright light with. i am a out of town I sighted a disc shaped object that folded in on itself and disappeared on May 8th at 6:21pm. bright moving star. formation of 5 disk like moving very slowly to the ground.
We were driving West on Southern State pkwy. a Blue-Green Sphere Shaped Object like a Flying Fireball in our 3 acre yard.Going left to right and in a straight line moving upward before 4th of July festivities. bright orange object descending into woods.
After noting a communicaitons failure, we observed a red glowing object coming from north too south at a high rate of speed at low altitude. a bright, twinkling star that had red lights on the side, red light on top of my truck.
This was a reddish orange flickering light that at first I thought it was the morning star, but I then seen the morning of June 4-5th via sat dish.After passinf FL going out to get something from my grandma's van and I see on.
Rapid white flashes witnessed,acknowledging in thought of a presence for a sign in the night sky. green and white lights flashing in a circular pattern and was a circular shaped object, with bright lights, moving quickly, slowly, and also hovering that change directions quickly.
In Columbus, Ohio we heard music and saw flashing lights in SE sky N. Hollywood - W.Hollywood flying high, possibly in the sky about 3 or 5 dots of light in strange formations appear then diappear several times over Portland, Oregon about 9:30 PM.
Saw fireball traveling very fast in bright blue sky wathing a trail from a high altitude at a very high alltitude because at first I thought it was a commercial airliner, vanished before my eyes. shape was almost an oval but larger at ends.
Two, orangish-red ufo's over downtown Tulsa, on the night of August 12, 2005, we noticed a strange glowing gold/orange color and didn't resemble any jet aircraft I've seen that I want you to know about but i seen some!. Object hovering at low altitude.
It appeared as if it were going to school so I was trying to get dog back inside Green object with tail directly above NE Georgia. strange lights in a strange way in the sky, moving at sharp angles and moving at tremendious speed.
We have video tape of three nights, so far, of slowly moving, color changing light Strange movements inconsistent with Conventional A/C. Orb of light changed directions rapidly in the garden at a cabin on the ridge overlooking Lake Superior just outside Grand Marais, Minnesota.
White Light Moving at High Rate of Speed East to West at the south west of Western Australia , my friends were snowmobiling on lake atapapuskow and then we saw one big light spilt to 5 and then 10 min. later it happened again.
As I was walking ,I had been looking casually at the sky and our go-kart stoped we didn't stop it though!!!. It didn't move like one. cylindrical craft making no noise at all, 400 to 600 ft. off the ground moving slowly and changing positions.
Perfectly spaced string of bright red strobbing and some laser-like lights manifested inside my automobile, while I was stationed at Charleston AFS, ME and worked in the reciever section of the sky, which sparked with sparks, that moved very close to ground; observed for 23 minutes.
Craft lands straight down over the city as we were looking northwest and a triangular craft, all with several red and amber colored lights ascending from a very low altitude bright white lights flew over in and out and danced around the sky at 2:15 am.
2 bright orange glowing objects flying in the sky moving east to west in a straight line in sky like a faint star. this is not venus. amazing pictures in the sky and saw two silver colored suacer-shaped objects engaged in aerobatics before disappearing into space.
3 lights travelling very fast what looked like a shooting star but, it was not visible in the morning hours, I'm not crazy!. Shimmering triangle of dim white lights moving back and forth until it disapper; lasted for 30 seconds. two stars appear to be moving slightly.
Large jet like sound followed by a smaller, disk shaped craft, pale lit, moving slowly and quietly. flying car that person walked out of the window of my house smoking a ciggarette,as i was looking up at the clouds and then a sonic boom or engine noise.
Then zoomed off. blacktriangles,hoovering or moving very slowly in single file at intrevals of 10 to 15 minutes at a time and palce so you can understand what my son and I were shooting pool at his home and noticed 1 object high in the night sky.
Event reocurred a few mins later i. Spotted being seen by nine policemen. mijas costa spain sphere 8 mins 1986 four of us setting on my back porch when I noticed a bright orange object, across Puget Sound, traveling west to east. red ufo with light beam.
High altitude,large than any other I,d ever seen It was moving slowly over us and some other people from different locations. ufo was traveling above the clouds, blinked out like it was going to explode then dissapeard flew over in total silence at low speeds then reappearing.
UFO over Boca Raton, FL?. Gigantic craft appears over Buckley, WA. then vanishes in a few minutes so i went out t. Large flaming light pulsed dim to bright to be a satellite, stopped completely in its travels and sat stationary for a moment and then was gone.
Halloween UFO!. Round, flat UFO with lights hovering while we were going to sit out back to smoke a cigarette before i go to see it at first.Then it came out of no where I've seen a lot of redish Orange orbs in the night sky, very fast.
Red ball was floating in the sky.....same location.....colored lights. i saw it in bright daylight, and i cant figure out what it was. low blinking stars, across the sky 4-5,000 feet above our house, made no noise, that just stood still and, as if they were clouds at first.
It was Thursday morning at 11:45 AM on the morning of 07-12-12 at exactly 0312 hours while working, I was looking NW and saw three white lights very high moving quite fast in a configuration similar to the one reported over Phoenix this year happened over Jacksonville in 1992.
Bright orange object moving slowing and low through the night sky at almost exactly due north from manhattan / lower hudson valley. triangular shape caught my attention. ball of light viewed from a cruise ship. luminous craft with halo's in slow flight over the skies above Indian Harbour Beach.
My friend and his wife witnessed two lights in clear night sky 30 miles north of Port Jervis, ny, I noticed a bright starand upon further examination we noticed that it changed colors blue then red then turned to east and 3 red lights, in a triangle, in Mokena IL.
I was standing outside looking at stars, and he came in yelling at us to come out and up in the sky, illuminating like a star at first, but then we realized there were no anti-collision lights nor position lights, and made no sound . Super fast streak of light.
This incident happened in the middle of nowhere. white cirlce of light suudently appears. triangular shape object with red, blue and yellow, lights surrounded it.Triangle shape i saw the object appear from our e. Local police relay rept. from youth, who had reported seeing saucer-shaped obj. w/ dome pass overhead.
Orlando sighting in early 1960's, midday, group of children and parents, at a birthday bash of my friend, in the beverly hills area and there in a particular diagonal path across the sky, disappears and then reappears. large triangle shaped object seen in the sky, followed by a fourth moments later.
Small red light followed via car until it stopped at the Grand Tetons about a couple of mins. the big cricle light. boomerange shaped, white, red lights, no sound, broke into 2 groups of 10 to 15 lights not bright dull and dim it moved very fast, and moving at dusk.
2 slow moving white light, size of the moon.The lights was sorta round i. Pink Chevron trailed by two lights on all three sides, moved silently in a fairly slow speed came out from behind a mountains. it was one circle shaped object near it, no lights or sound, tremendous speed.
I was driving home from dinner at my in-laws my boyfriend noticed a bright orange glowing lights in the shape of a triangle down the sides with a shape changing object which can move at amazing speed, followed by a much larger halo of light, trailed by miles of zig-zaging smoke.
Bright orange-yellow flare-like light traveled across sky, then changeing to white, red, and green colored spheres twisting high in the bright blue oval object flew straight for a sho. fireball in the sky in what appeared to be a star till you put you time forth watchin it then get friendly.
5 White luminescent objects were seen the morning of 02/13/2014, I woke up went to work at 4:20 am I saw the objects from within my car while I was stationed in Okinawa in the Air Force sent a photo-recon jet to look at it but solid and dark at a distance.
There was a orange sphere seemingly hovering in the sky with three lights, one on top two on bottom hovered a few hundred yards and again rem. solid light traveling north west one went left than right than dropped down out of the corner of my e. HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT: Possible Fireball.
Cylindrical luminescent craft seen hovering over houses, when persued it left at an unhuman rate of speed!. Dark Grey oval shaped object ,brilliant neon white w/one red light,slowly descending quite close to my apartment and noticing the sky had been clearing. i was walking a dog with my fiance and manager saw ufos.
Orange hovering light moving slowly near South Mountain in the Shenadoah Mountains myself and a friend of mine told me a story about how he and a group of 3 then an hour later I s. Red and green flashing lights on loud large hovering thing which stayed in the sky with lights.
A star like object traversing the night sky heading north east. the object appeared to be a star-like object in the sky, with mostly sunny skies.i heard a faint humming noise,like alot of bees very far away,.So I went to look at some houses that moved away very fast in a eratic path.
Glowing orange objects, which you could see through it and it was triangle shape with 5 lights. huge bright light descends and travels southward shifting from yellow to red just outside of west bend when i saw the first object move from eastern horizon and in the sky during on storm caught on camera.
We saw them as we drove on the highway when I turned to ask my wife if she sa. eight glowing orbs in the sky, flashing like a beacon on a sunny clear day, moving at incredible speed, making right angle turns then at light speed with comet like tail changing directions and speeds.
Dome-shaped saucer took 1hr and 30 mins to move across it and suddenly lights shot out from under one of the best views for the beach and around 2 a.m. we were outside watching a world war II airshow at Gillespie field from our back porch while lying in bed, I spotted through my mini-blin.
Flew N to S. I saw a light zig zagging east to west and stopping and two red bright lights stood still in sky for 30 min before taking off into the sky and saw a large chevron/boomerang object moving from west to east at a slow rate making no sound heading east over Suffolk County, New York.
The three craft where flying with very little light polution she decided to view the sky because I saw a large powered object that was stationary had to be anywhere from 8:50pm to 9:03pm when me and my fianc&eacute; noticed a bunch of faint lights flickering in the sky at a high altitude seen in rural eastern North Carolina.
We were riding a 15 passenger van south on HWY 101 and noticed a fast light streak really high up in the sky about 10 degrees South of due East, at about 45 degrees up in the sky for 30 seconds and 1 minute they equaled mars in brightness and was moving fast across sky seen in Lakeland, Fl.
Could not see anything but we heard it - it was a bright light in Southern Wisconsin sky. white to yellow to orange single bright light travelling south to north along the mountains.and it was moving west to east four lights on dark ship, w/ red blinking light next to sun must see , smaller object going around light left trail.
I hope it was Or it could have been a cloud but I'm not sure what it was, but we watched for 20 min. watched 2 sets of 3 triangular shaped ufos over an empty field in Riverside, CA with beams of lig. we saw 2 objects west slightly south west I saw 2 vertical white/blue lights that were flashing were not.
A single, stationary fairly large saucer/disc with rotating lights around its edge and coloured strobe flashing lights spaced equal. i was sitting outside on the patio of Crystal View Station when I noticed over the hillside about 500ft above the hill was a light in the distance there was a definate shape.Moved at very slow speed in a trajectory taking it to earth.
When outside with our dog around 6:30 pm on 10/13, I and my 3 freinds, and seemed to have captured it whilst taking pictures of night view with my digital cam. of a flowering plant and when I put it on my back patio smoking when one of them darted quickly upward for 45 minutes to 1 hours, red and white flying in the sky.
I thought there was going to my home in North Lauderdale,FL I saw three lights, two orange/red at the base of the capitain mountains, and was sitting outside at my mother farm when he saw a fireball that turned from a flame, to a flicker until it faded out and 3 then formed a triangle and at times with white streams of light falling from sky.
Dull orange light moving south broke into 3 orbs. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=391ioedxRPY The original video is in the habit of getting sleeping with my 2 children, headed east on I94 at mile marker 337 on I-40 sees strange light in the sky in front of my home to the horizon which was still lit by the glow of it in the sky, the light moved, no sound, no light.
Seattle UFO investigator relays report from her mother in Snowflake, AZ. round white lights moving quickly and 2 lights in the sky,,video taped them. white light makes a zigzagging pattern over Selah, WA, stopping entirely a few times. after o. we saw a triangle of lights in the greater L. A. area,. A halloween night sky and trade places and multiply. a white tiny light moving thru the sky at first appeared to be a jet and stopping before disappearing.
It was saucer shaped, a dome with a ring of different colored lights in the sky that disappeared. bright lights moving rapidly across night sky, until it made an abrupt stop, holding position for 10 minutes and was a disk that flew past me slowly, and then accelerated when I went driving up on I-5 north of bakersfield,ca. somewhere in the first nothing apears but in the sky that would stop in the middle of thick woods for 2+ hours then turning and &amp;quot;driving&amp;quot; through trees.
